You know what I do is I write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress you as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has ever chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and editing.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that's been dropped somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Balkans.
It's the kind of complicated circle of which I'm going to talk to you.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Italy, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
By the time they hit every week in the bathroom bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when I was allowed to get into the teacher's room.
He did it in secret.
It's three years old.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- he found a lover -- and in the '90s, he felt the need to start working on organizations that fight AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the lady Pondy who said,``I need to see.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man to that man who I know you've found.
And I should tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to join me with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, the intervention, and we loved it and got rid of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet as a grown-up, he turned into a box of ash, and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you about became present in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first shots.
I was amazing.
My heart fast, I was dying, trying to understand what was in front of me.
So, the tumors around me around the water about 60 feet, and I couldn't be able to think that it was a snowflake about another snow of snow year after year.
The tumors are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice sheets.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to come down and move up to the end, whereas others can't get more and get rid of a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, that they're separate, and alone, as much as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, a iceberg releases rich freshwater in minerals that feed many forms of life.
And I'm close to photograph these tumors as if it's about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are only that way and not going to exist in that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not a end, but a continuation of their path by the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that I photographed is very young -- it's got a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Kepteranet, Greenland.
It's unlikely to get really to present a pink iceberg.
Here they have.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and the flow line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a iceberg of Greenland, the average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you name, the iceberg shows a different side of your personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same moment, every single one of a baby.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception itself, you're not going to pay me attention.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm joined the X chromosome.
Both of them will try and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my activity, it's going to be two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a training historian, and what I study in this case is the way people are about anatomy -- I mean, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluids, the idea of the body, what they've thought about about the body.
The other role that I performance in my work is the activist, as a patient advocate, or, as I say sometimes, impossible defense of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working, for example, substantial twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with enthusiasm -- much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit in male male and female schools.
In general lines, we can call it interaction.
Interviewer adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of having a sex that doesn't fit in male or female common forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual with critical critical base, which is the Shinghan gene of chromosome, and he tells the protocells, that we all have in the fetal life, which becomes testicles.
And then, in the fecal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It is the syndrome of anti-controlledess.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops to follow a typically female course.
When I was born, the baby looks like child.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And, often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is going on.
After doing tests, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it's a man, but it's actually not that way.
Women, like men, have in the body, something called supermarket glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Scratching glands produce analogs, the hormone of the masculinity.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman; it doesn't know their creative structure; I think being a typical woman's majority of women like me are sensitive to arms.
We produce analogs and we respond to arms.
As a consequence, somebody like me has the most exposed brain to the ancestors that the woman who was born with testicles that has the syndrome of thered anti-controlled.
That's why sex is complicated . It's not that intersections are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they were going; he had a girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life like boy, and he had just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a confused supermarket hypothetical.
He had 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, the supermarket glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genitals were mappeded, their brain was exposed to the typical hormone component.
I was born with a child, no one suspect anything.
And it was at 19 years when he started having medical problems caused by the internal menstruation, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intersections.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as an opportunity, is to say, have an eye tissue wrapped up in testicular tissue.
We don't know what that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- they're embarrassedology, serious twins, or interrogation are encouraged to normal surgery is not to be able to move from a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you join several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity, supposedly, to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terrible simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with categories.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic illiteracy.
Imagine how surprising it is to have children who are born as two people within a body.
The recent case is last year with the South African corridor, which was put in a trial of trial in the International Games of Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to ask me,``What do you test to do to determine if Casey Simpson is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a line in the line between men and women or between men and interactions and women and women, and we are who we bring that line.
So, what we have is a situation where the more science we have, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identified categories -- are much more different than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows.
So, as we see, we're going to get into a street terrain.
We look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What do you do from the fact that you're going to move from them in just a few numbers?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we're probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the spheres of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the matches of the fetus.
There are very advanced arguments today -- not in public, but it's within medicine about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to come up with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved you still didn't get it.
If he stopped moving the buried.
But today we can, for example, extract life organs of a body and put them into another body.
And, as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma of actually determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this categories of categories might be able to make someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
By making these categories are much more unstable than what we think of.
I think of the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an ambassador fear of the founding fathers.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold, and so radical in what they did, that I find myself, I find that music,``1747 ,"and not by music, which is totally passive.
That's why it happened in 1966 with the founding fathers.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained to them why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and he replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of the monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power for the right of blood transmission from the grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replacing it for a new analog concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomy differences . That was very radical.
And they were partly doing it because they were part of an illustration system that they were doing two things.
The democracy was taking, and at the same time, science was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding fathers, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spread from the supernatural explanations, and therefore rejected the concept of supernatural power by going from a right idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about the nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And we were tracking us the idea of analog coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting on the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then the Civil Rights Movement came in with people of the California Trace, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color that appeal to analog coincidence about the anatomy difference, and again, succeeded.
We see the same thing with the Disease movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence, we need to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't mean that we had to go back into anatomy.
I don't mean that five year-old children were allowed to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two conceptual beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both conceptual in 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, the contrast, was born in terms: March 1 , 1980.
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary was attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other claims in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- well I've not told you if it's Nike, in virtue of being considered a man now is a passion of the mandatory control that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on its part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can be married in all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advances so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble?
I don't want to give you science, but at the same time, sometimes I feel like science is set up.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude,``Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain point has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosomes, and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't make any chromosomes for the people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the self-design syndrome.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I've done to give you a solution . ''
It says that we should judge people``not in the color of your skin, but in the content of your character ,"going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to ensure people right now, because I have to admit that I know that I know about some gentlemen that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some strings that I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people of 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content?
It's very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what happens if the character of one person could in the future being measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
Now, what I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to work this current of thinking in relation to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in the defense of democracy and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to empower a sex shift, in which case it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I'd made a couple of years ago that I'd been able to give birth twins to then break them up and take their fame off.
But when I asked the phone, I asked the operation of the operation, which is a very risky operation, I was reminded that in that other country, these kids would be very battered, and therefore I had to.
And I said,``Well, have political asylum considered instead of surgical separation? ''
America offers enormous possibilities to people to be who are not forced to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be to your head.
Well, to end up, I mean I've been talking a lot about fathers.
And I want to think about what democracy is, or as it might have been, if we'd given the mothers more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomic typography, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intuition, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about sustainable studies is that women, on average -- all of us, but in average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
Now, when I was in the lobby, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- -- I was considered feminist, as I was now doing a strange plan.
\" Tell me what the female is about . ''
And I thought,``It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
The feminism has to do with dragging gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about his question, the more I've been thinking about there is something female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people in the state of the state, it's possible that, of having increased more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond anatomy: thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect link, let's think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to receive.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver it to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine half of those people who wanted to live in apartments were already proposed, and the other half is still missing to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to do buildings in all existing buildings.
But you know the problem you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those buildings.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that familiar place the construction rather than putting them together.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities and give them a name: cities under state.
I learned later that roughly at the same time, Jupiter and October were thinking about the Hollywood reform challenge.
They knew that every year about 75,000 speakers came out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honey, he went through a strangelyr constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peter Moore is propelled by a platform in which he promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October to be his boss of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection and trial and error and a lot of testing with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under state to its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and upset all of the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but we need both of technologies and rules to progress, and usually are the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Jupiter.
They called me.
They said,``Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City -- Earth -- land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the state is a place where you start with streaminged terrain, a state that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not to live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to go forward.
I asked myself to go to technical and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that's built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the honor that to build a new city, you've got to start with a site that moves at least 10,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world is completely clapping.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Rover, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of TEDTalk.
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains how essential a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option from a city that you might go to be in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away from the North.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the government leaders of Honduras would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the state, so that everybody could trust the state that the state effectively turned.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily fit about a thousand square kilometers.
And shortly after, January 19th, voting in Congress to get their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress to favor this constitutional opening was 125 to one.
All parties, all of the factions in society, the rescue.
To include in the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17th of February passed again in another voting, from 111 to one.
Immediately after the vote, from 21 to 24 to February 24, a 30-pagely delegation was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is built in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years, they would get permission.
The other country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in practical mode, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the same time it would be able to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the last instinct for this new judicial system.
There are organizations and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd like to change immediately somewhere else.
There are a million per year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go and get a job; sometimes they're single mothers that have to earn money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about the building of a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it look like to think about trying for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Hungarian friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my journey.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, attract, colorful and different for each occasion.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and a second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my great-grandfather in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know a lot of serious people; I usually go to a good cause; my look is unique; and buy it becomes my personal quest of treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my heel?
Will I like color?
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I won.
Going back to my journey, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you do with someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
I'm inside for exactly a week is all I've put in my lap.
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because I don't know how the woman walks through TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
While I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole set, including the jacket, costs me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost extraordinarily impossible to be in a bad mood, when you're watching a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Tuesday: integration is unintended.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time integrated.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, you also appreciate yourself.
Wednesday: Wow of the child who are inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the disappointments, or I remind them to their little seven-year-old.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
JL: Trust is the key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until 30 years old that I really understood its meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Narrator: A universal truth six words for you: The golden lengthsy go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a single and unique personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week simply for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little tour.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave a certain thing.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because back in the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful and brilliant suit waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is intuitive part.
So, if we used a scale to measure the altitude of each hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some of them will go through one of these extremes, but I think for most of the integrate of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great altitude in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider me one of those people, that like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to tell these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that may have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you don't be born with this notion, the development.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
He was a little boy, and he didn't do very well, he always fell away.
But I bet that the game with that parking bar taught a precious lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to treat them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called the theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point, physics was found a few years ago; they needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That doesn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody ever saw a particle.
But it doesn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows quantum mechanics principles.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the piece of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then here we make a very big approach to the little metal traffic.
What we see is a little bit of metal, with transportation, and it will be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with the form of swimming swimming, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in quantum overlap, but for it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people go up, I'm going to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that knocks it and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We switched out the lights, then we put up an aspiration and extract the whole air, and then we enter it to a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, when you're alone in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly, I was vibrating, and the way I was vibrating was like a breath like this -- like a blackodd that expands and contracts.
And when you give them a soft push, we could make it vibrate and not see at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is vibrating and not visible at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the atoms of atoms that make that metal piece of metal are made, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instances when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're devalued.
I mean, every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth looking at a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom, and that metal piece is roughly the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was depressed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal is still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about quantum mechanics that is all interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
That is that those connections, your connections to all things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep laugh of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy.
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and that allowed me to take it out.
He took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
So, I went from a great education -- I'd complain, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better to show the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, simply, let's go to Hippocrates.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the U.S. gallery, the MoMA, the Embassy, the Richard, the van Golden.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the New York art museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click, and, oh, we're inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the plane up, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
Keep forward . That's fun!
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Cleared"by Pieter Brooklyn in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows you the image, we click out there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call global technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 billion pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 billion pixels.
It can make it around very simple ways.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to get down.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``Wait, this seems interesting . ''
I came up and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
And a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is hitting an eye with a stick on the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to go even deeper, and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to turn the image, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite thing,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It goes up, and it really does it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the night star ,"I think I've never seen her before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go into, I've created this function that I call``The Power of the Line ,"-- we just made a chord around it.
It's about``The ambassadors"at the National Gallery in London.
You can get things out, send them to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel at the end of these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museum.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium I do justice to your artwork, and it's represented right online.
And the big question I'm doing today is:``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon to everybody.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab we call it responsive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all children in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I'm showing you this is that something really interesting has happened in French racing in the last two decades.
Some time ago, if you wanted to win a France 1 career, I took a budget and I would throw it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what, in engineering, is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that real time systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming free computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and accessible.
It's a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's cortex, but it represents 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detection and assets are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Antarctica by the end of the year at MoMA during summer.
It's called``Talent Up . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
In a way, it's as if almost all of the atoms that exist are becoming sensors and actuators.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Miguel angel in the Moses, he says, at the end, he took the hammer, and he brought it to the Moses -- and they can still see a little mile underneath and said,``Would you ask me to stand?"( Why don't you talk? ''
Well, for the first time, our environment starts talking.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples; I'm going to insist you in the idea of taking the environment and accelerating something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, they play Italy and France, and at the end of the end Webvan gave the head.
And anyway, the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happening in the network.
Here's the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the River River.
It's morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the late afternoon, there are people here and there making calls, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
Gulf from France . Guide of Italy.
They're interviewing; people do a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time . End of recording time.
First extra time, second.
Zike, and at a moment, the head.
won Italy, yeah!
That night, everyone went to celebrate it to the center.
You see the great peak.
The next day, everyone went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called City Massachusettsen where, from the Roman time, people will celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how today you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash on its disposal by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were getting out of -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of you were throwing.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results we get.
It's coming from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many inequality in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist before.
There's complicated things happening, and there's a lot of transport transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup we're trying to do not disappear, that's still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we throw on one day still goes there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague from MIT, Asia Berkeless, could tell you a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked about at the beginning, which is to take up on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Kanzi.
It all started with a question of the city mayor, which came and said that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, add to that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that they have a mess and valves, survivor valves, links that are open and closing.
It's created as a curtain of water, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write on them, show patterns, images, texts.
And by the way, the curtain will open up so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
We introduced this to the Mayor Bell.
He liked it.
And he destroyed a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach it, you open up so you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize your shoes, you lower the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like this.
Those days, there will always be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and he said,``Give the building . ''
No, it's not that they've demolished it, but when it goes down almost all architecture disappears.
So here's in work.
You see people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to don't get to be able to do to test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Zambia came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water, and you had to jump to not move.
( Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, the water pixels, and the projections of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, that moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be able to be a cloud of self-assemby in 3D that you can zoom on, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the real County County, going down to form a V, like before.
When light comes on, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an entry that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt -- the best ballet dancers of today, the star of the New York Metropolitan Metropolitan Authority and Military Scala to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entry for the Selve.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left, you see the pixels, the capture in different resolutions.
It's both 3D digitization in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can walk all the way down.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the German.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics in London.
It's called the Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a clouds of clouds like a gravityed, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everybody donated a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we spend from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed it, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how will we move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with pixels.
You can move through, have different experiences.
You can see from below, it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Games, and even more, and can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's as much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up with, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital feature at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anybody who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in your genes, you could improve memory -- for a more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be better, to be stronger, to have more resilient.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of yourself?
How about a good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like most?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: creativity .) Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It was probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many chose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very good as a doctor.
If you could have something about this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at TED Conference, but today I want to give you the gaze of a doctor on the subject.
The great geneticist of the 20th century, TED . Doughness, which is in addition to the British Church Russia, wrote a trial called``Nothing in biology makes sense to the light of evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution, consider this: is it just the past, or the future?
Is you talking about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an extreme, is, of course, the one that we're most interested in.
We're going to stop from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some of them have gone and forth.
We've been here about 600 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indicative, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all take in the most bacterial intestine than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Lady asks them about the authority -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, moist, it's very sexy.
And we're going to give you all the nutrients that you can want without the effort of your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional intensity of some forced approach to the output.
But of course, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our lives.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future leave us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast unfinished symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief shop; the animal kingdom, as one and only company, and human life, a little grace note.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk so I hope you enjoyed it.
When I just joined college, I had my first class of biology.
He was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental: most of the existence of life, in a single-celled organisms, every cell is just divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome happens, the rest of the body becomes preserved.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time in sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, support, death for sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every year had more doubt.
I came to understand George Burns's feelings, who still came up in Las Vegas in his 90s.
And one night somebody hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, he finds a gorgeous line of clothes.
He looks at it, and he says,``Come on looking for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"he says George,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contradictory, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted you to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted you to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass genome to the next generation, adapt and support generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as rockets of reinvention designed to send the genetic burden to the next level of orbit, and then let the sea fall.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said,``I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying . ''
Evolution will not necessarily favor longevity.
You won't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the fastest, and even the smartest.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the terminal bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that will produce, if there were fish there, fish to the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that an active environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase, I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been dismissed and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've put our environment together to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated, circuits, and we're so scared that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional, natural kind of evolution by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution roll down, but they're unexpected.
And as a species of isolation, when as a species, we're distant planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce natural evolution.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, scary possibility.
The negative call, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we'll take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to the individual and family level.
Think about also that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body, you will make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could do genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the greed?
Wouldn't they want to make those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to become increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and lasted 13 years.
It cost 2.5 billion dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a close cost to the $20,000 and in a week.
It doesn't fail a lot to make the human genome happen for $1,000 and getting more and more and more at the top of all.
These changes come.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there's no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's reality today and in the future is going to become more and more possible.
Imagine then only two little changes.
Can they change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their offspring?
What if they could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the flipping egg, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating homophobia, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who don't want healthier children?
And then, that same analog technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt hospital claims -- a better memory.
Why don't we have the ingenuity of a Ken Jones especially if you could get it up with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't we have a faster control muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distance?
Why wouldn't it live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we want to become the evolution of before in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, they're going to have before them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better, more successful society?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more versatile?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about everything: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor clicking, click, click.
Clay, click, click, click . Sounds terrified.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 10th.
It was the only one I could talk to with flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot pulls the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It fits the motors.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most dramatic words I've ever heard.
He said,``preparing for impact . ''
I didn't have to speak more with flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life ended.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``collects bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to clap anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we put the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't for much -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a great deal.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave place to my ego.
And I'm spending the time you waste in things that don't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a media, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonder.
I'm not trying to be right; choose to be happy.
And the third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes away,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water approach.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we were breaking, I had the feeling of, wow, dying don't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness is embedded in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And scream, I cry, like a small.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
Now, the only goal that I have in life is a good parent.
I was given a miracle, not dying that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live otherwise.
And you're flying today, the challenges you can imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What do they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can?
Thank you.
I clearly have been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one I worked on was this guy.
The guy is called TED.
Blue was one of the most important graduates in the 1980s.
And he came to his house after he ran and he said,``Dad, I'm feeling a hole in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TV has total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
Her work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so, obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to beat Tony, TED, and to his cause.
So I went and met with his brother and father and said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, don't you see Stephen Hawking, isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're somebody important and you have a very good insurance, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anybody to see the film``The Liberal and the butterfly? ''
They communicate in that way -- they're tracking him with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check that I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover.
He committed me with his brother and his father there at the moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside cannot communicate . ''
So I talked to a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called GPHA``graffiti Research Lab ,"which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then with a laser pointer, draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sex organs, then with the bad words, after the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its presentations.
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year after a lot of organization, after a lot of organization, and so much to move things around, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies, and we got a machine that TV could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing . I call you you because when I talk to the guy, you get an email from him, and you say,``Don't deserve . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world from all of the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservativesologists and ancestorsans took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and that when we came back, they would have taken the boxes out of the walls and instead would have graffiti.
But for two weeks we set, we went to the morningation of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Alberto . And you can see the description.
It's a couple of sun glasses that we buy in the sea floor of Venice Beach, some copper wire and things from Home Dead and Radio Shack.
We took a PSA camera, we open it, we'll put it on a light of LED, and there's now a device that's free -- it's built yourself; we published the source code, the software goes down in a free way.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company saying no.
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this bullet and attractive during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions across the night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking outside of the hospital.
And he came back for the first time in front of her family and friends -- to imagine what was feeling in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to drag in the parking, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this is what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us moving, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and faster.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
It all comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong took something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- this is what's finished from close to the circle is that in the April of the MoMA in the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in The streets . ''
And``Art in the streets ,"it's going to have the best spreading art of urban art, Santa Farman, Carol all of them are going to be there.
Blue is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- a stage, the computer, the microphone, the script nothing was possible at a certain point.
Make anything possible in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology; just acknowledge something, and I'm associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want everybody to do every day when we find something that we have to do . If it's not now, when? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years sitting in very difficult situations, and at the same time a lot dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
Film in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days just this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, most of my career, I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that they're very entertaining and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands, and the heritage wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard that, or not, a couple weeks ago, I took a warning in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TEDTalk's name of 2011.
What I had was the next thing:``Here's Southat Nation present: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and according to content, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a degree in progress, by the way.
So even with that wild, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we're looking at the world of marketing, advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate, for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Strata: I want to make a film that is about the pollination of products, marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with producing products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to be called``The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The largest movie ever sold"is that everything up down, early at the end, has brand images, all the time -- from the failure that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, we want Star Station, the Center Center.
These people will be associated with the film to perfect -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kansas: It's redundant .) That's what? (MK: It's redundant .) A perfect, forever?
I'm a redundant penis . (MK: I just say it .) It was more than emphasis.
It was``People forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X-ray sponsor in the title, but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure that we put all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we'll sell a shoe and become the most great shoe you've used.
The most great car that you've been driving in``The biggest movie ever sold ,"the best deal you've been drinking, you cut``The largest movie ever sold . ''
River Korean: The idea is then besides showing brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (MS: To make you fund the film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The full film goal is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, early at the end.
And I would love that City helps to make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Guy: However, I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
19: You have a perspective -- I know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DH: All right .) (JC: I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
AK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that film comes out, we're looking at a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Robinson: Most answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell, by the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Okay .) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge .) When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Okay .) (MS: Okay . )
MS: I thought``the camera"meant to have a conversation out of microphone.
Open the camera means``We don't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS: And so it was, one by one, all of these suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, making as many people see it as possible.
Especially in today's world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, isn't it the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a cartoon mistake and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for imaging images in Google, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- front of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or the access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians, the name, the name of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to make it really change something.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still goes on.
It's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
I'll eat a whole bowl of Coke Williams.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and saying that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell the story.
We want you to tell a story, but you've got the story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- there he's looking at him as he used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency would want to help you -- that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kipmistness in many years, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the interest and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- I started to realize that when you start talking to companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and others who make small films, independent, like mine.
And my friends who make Hollywood movies big, giant, say the reason why their movies are so successful is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the film is called``The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically to Ben in the movie?
Every time I'm to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the Desert Bang.
Any moment during an interview with someone I can say,``Are you good good for this interview? ''
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you get tired.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And I'll offer you one of these fabulous ones.
Both``Full Florid"as``Paradise winds"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have as much for man and women -- solid, bottle, in bars, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a positive look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Just like the smallest kind of movies that you've ever said, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brands.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering the people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Dan?
Dan is in white.
KS: That's a big question.
Volunteer: superior technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put into the armpits.
Man: We talk about something bold, fresh.
I think``fresh"is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and sweat.
It keeps you fresh.
How do you keep you fresh more time? With better fresh, more fresh, three times more fresh.
Things like those who are holding the benefits.
MS: And that's a billionaire company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man in the street, people like me, to the ordinary losses.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like good clothes.
Woman: Report 80, standing up, unless it's day of washing.
MS: Okay, what's the March brand?
Joey: A unique thing . (MS: unique .) Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark speaker.
I like dark colors, many gray gray and things like that.
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic classroom, Mercerian Benz.
Man 2: The brand that I'm, I call it the canopy.
Woman 2: In part of the hippie, in a PowerPoint part, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
It sells toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because it gets the market.
Man 5: Failure failure failure.
Is that something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify myself in the intersection of dark ice and cloud.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, somebody who could help us understand what they call the``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson Kaplan in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Mars, February, Highs to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Audience: Bring the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come up and start in a place, and in my case, they originated and start in my family, in West Virginia.
So what is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who I'd like to be.
I like the different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why"--``why"is that?
What's the guy? What phase does you find now?
Why is it important to reset? What represents red?
Tell me a little bit about that.
-- a little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
It doesn't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster are you?
MS: Wow . (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great job) A: Yes . (MS: Thank you very much .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to get out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
Liberia Rielly: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; the brand Morgan Selfish is a distinct brand.
They're very well straight together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
Many companies tend to have -- it's human nature to avoid the things that they're not safe; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them random, and you make something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can also see here to Target, Wii, Mini County and Jelano.
Now there are medical marks and conscious brands, those things that you've gone and come, but a perceptual brand is something pretty powerful.
MS: A disconnected brand . What is your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you a wild attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a broken attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
Now, the ancient attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary, adventure, attracting or audacious like error Eritter, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magic or mystic like Gando.
Or are you rather than distracted attribute?
Are you conscious, you're sophisticated as a Dilement?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective?
Are you trustworthy, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or you?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, anti-conflict and disconnected, which said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neurosurgery, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned free air advertising.
Throughout the city for the last five years there are no fences, there are no posters, there's no volcano, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with the problems of liquidity in the United States.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer, or I've been more successful in those that I've interacted with with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interviews, they remove their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have gone? Did they succeed?
Well, since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival, let's take a look.
According to Burkeshike, the film was released in January, and since then -- this is not all about 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in school.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we're talking about to their clients will not be part.
I've always believed that if you get risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that, you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk, you're preparing all your company to look like rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to don't have fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give the fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear . We open the risk.
From one letter at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to take transparency.
Today more than ever a little honesty is going to go to a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``Wepon transparency"has been presented by my good friends of IBM who for $7,500 buying the rights of the name in eBay.
TBP: It would become big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
agile present``Wepon transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in the name of transparency, that exactly happened with those $18th?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a name for the TED matrix organization, the Saturn Foundation, a $71 check to be applied to my TED Talk next year.
The idea behind the Muslim computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
The biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the U.N.'s involvementate plant.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're from a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a portable computer using an engineer to get this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Starbucks.
We started with a Windows installation.
The oil goes into the gray box, damage the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is delay; mission accomplished.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started research on States six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you know is that it's very, very complex in Windows's part: the installation used multiple dance vulnerabilities.
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we did our environment with States and we saw what was going on with this.
So, very strange things happen.
Stanford was behaving like a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese: he smelled it, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese tastes, I realized, and I thought,``This is a direct attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The installation is looking for actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is actually working on that place.
If not, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better have to discover the target soon.
And so we extracted and we challenge the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the dots that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is missing.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the U.S. installation is complex and high-tech, let me tell you: payload is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here's a sample of this attack of attack.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
And it looks pretty much like the old language that's embedded.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning was called the system functions, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and data structures and trying to relate to the real world, with potential targets of the real world.
We need theories about destination that we can approve or discard.
In order to get to theory about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent suffering, it must be a valuable white shark, and it's certainly located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand goals in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of Russia and the Nanopatch plant of Natasha.
So I said to my assistant,``Take a list of all the experts in centers and power plants between our clients . ''
I called them and put them into an effort to honor their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital loop with the control of the rotate.
The rotate is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you handle the speed of this rotate, you can certainly put it up and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and disappeared in an obvious effort to become crazy to the nest maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital mission, looking at very close to the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 174 is going on in that code, you can't do it.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these centrifuge centers are built in swimming, and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 164 acres.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These filters in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code?
Almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had in the hands of hands.
So there's no misunderstanding: it wasn't.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in dead rooms, and we had to go back to start.
Yet, we found that both digital warheads were pointing to one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small ocean is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors and slimes, and the big ocean communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the parachute is.
It's swimming, and it's just swimming.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are reached by Starbucks.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, I really impressed myself.
There's the gray box, and up there is the centrifuge.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false data data.
And believe or not, these false entry data is programmed by Starbucks.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robbery, the security camera is fed video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just going to break the operators in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to cut a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big vapor turbine is happening, you have to open up the escape valves in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit.
And you don't operate them and the security system will notice.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium training.
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- that will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Starbucks.
You could also use conventional worms technology to disseminate it.
Give it more possible.
And if you did that, what you're going to end with is a mass destruction cyber.
That's the consequence that we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been public in many sides that people assume the museum is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Langeron: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay . Okay.
My view is that the museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There is one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for joining me . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and it gives you sophisticated skills.
In``Berkeley Bionics"called these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different from something you put in the morning, it gives you a great force, which is also increasing its speed, and it helps you, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other things.
This is not a cruel idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take on its back a 45-year-oldator load, and it's being discovered to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hill -- or Park charges.
Soldier: With the Hippoce exoskeleton, I can put 90 kilos across variables for many hours.
Your flexible design, it allows you to put in your juvenile and execute movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Arthur Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back now to the users of wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around, in wheelchair, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that's often happening, very young people, with damage in the column that when you start your life -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 years -- you collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that goes to multiply quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the hyena that's using Amanda Border who is 19 years ago, he had a lesion in the veryopution column, and as a result he couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Borden: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our hyena, which I mentioned.
It's got a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer of the onboard, here on the back.
There are also some batteries that give energy to the motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it move through this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by the strange jump in the air, skiing costs down.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all sensation and all movement of pelvis down.
Shortly after, a doctor entered my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, never go back to walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last pile of hope of my self.
The adaptation of adaptation since then, it has allowed me to learn to slide down in the edges, climb rocks and even ride in a bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just soldiers, but to Amanda, and all of the wheelchair users, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day -- where the fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of Spiderman or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo rainforests.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much linear in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But Bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large, terrifying types, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where modern violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the ritual itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been spent for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of Bonobos.
Heart meat trade and deforestation makes you can't fill up a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them like apes,``Make love, not war ,"because they have frequent sex, promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems in humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Katrina Dead.
Bonobos, like humans, love to play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us, the game is fundamental to establish ties and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with generation of diversity -- interactions of interactions, behavior diversity, connections of connections.
And when you look at the game Bonobos, you see the evolutionary roots themselves of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos, just taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a bank game game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look at what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``I've got it out of the balls . ''
Just that I think in this case he loves, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common in bonobos as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- the testes, and also how play requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is police.
The game is police, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is reduced.
And I want you to see -- this is war, a young female, which is playing with water very much.
I think, like she, sometimes we play alone, and explore the limits of our worlds inside and outside.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form is the real dive of creativity.
These are just little samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to an increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our partner of adaptation.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take the maximum of our game capacity?
The game is not a frivolous.
Play is essential.
For bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments when it's the most urgent.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and we play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I ate fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer body body.
And in our city, where the volunteers matched a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But still, there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was entropy in a conversation with the landlord that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, barefoot, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got before I was, let's put the Louis Louis first to the captain, and he asked her to come into and save the dog of the house.
The dog! I was terrified.
There was a lawyer or watch of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people who walked into a building building to save a living building only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an old man.
He said,``Bezos, I need to get to the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and I bring it into this woman a couple shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the urgent firemen, which at that height, that kind of had finished off the fire and entered the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back by the ladder where I met my Norths and the beautiful dog in the main door.
And we got out of the house, the testingable treasures, where, as I was waiting, his treasure got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of home thatways for the brave effort, shown to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had reached him even a couple shoes.
Both in my vote in Robin Hood, as in my vocation as a volunteer fireman, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also with grace acts and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I learned?
It all has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're to achieve, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
Don't wait for the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, give me now.
They serve in a dining meal, clean up a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but each day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they train the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measurement that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build larger things than we, like buildings or bridges, one brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, the Lego came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, Lego bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
Lego made it accessible.
Lego simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick to one of others to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits, one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing lists.
Let me show you how they work.
Alignor are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they unite through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
bricks have a code of colors.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with one green and very quickly can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with one green makes light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an interesting light.
We added this doorbell to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, it's actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldier, it allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it blink faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind lists is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to brick ready to use.
Light, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything has to be accessible.
We've given the children ready to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start understanding the electronics of every day that's not learning in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led to design schools.
So, for example, the nonprofit designers are starting to play with lists like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George creating ...
( Mechanical sound) A few weeks ago, we conducted the designers of the Rhode Island School designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, only in cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, an active transportation cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a locust made of Play-Doh that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, it became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
And that's why it has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the files of design and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can give it a little bit to charge.
We can get better, we can continue to let the video better.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, do you tell me the time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to stop; we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called AIDS for America and would be like a bunch of Peace for technology.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we sent them to the wild world.
They made great applications; they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
They know Al.
And it's a skyline from Boston City.
So here it comes as if I look for a quote, but what really looks for is that somebody clean it when it's stuck in the snow, because you know it's not very good to turn fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to help ask help in this very unique way?
Last year at Boston, we had a team of Medicaler members for America.
They were there in February, and at that time, it was a lot of the last year.
They realized that the city would never clean these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik Microsoft noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept to wipe it when it comes.
When you do it, you put a name in this case, in this case.
If you don't, someone can steal.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed apps last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it stretches viral.
A system responsible for the city of Honolulu to see this application realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to add tsunami signs.
It's very important that these tsunami signs work, but people stole the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens get rid of the Taliban.
And Chicago just launched to make people recorded to clean sidewalks when it comes.
So now we know from nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology know that this doesn't normally happen.
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year at Boston, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that having done it for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the court power of California that until the moment has cost 2,000 billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days, and it's spread viral is a kind of advantage of warning to the government institution.
It suggests government better than working, not as in private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Not like a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
That is, without constraints, open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to address the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of a saving institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only American for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight.
And it is that if we left the feelings about politics, the row in the GDP -- and all those other things that get us crazy, the government is essentially in Tim Beijingotion's words:``What we do together because we can't . ''
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government does.
And because the very last government started from us -- remember that from``us, the people ,"the way we think about it to affect the way that change change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially, matter of variables.
This is the cellular service center of service and information.
It's the place that calls the calls if you mark 31.
Scott runs this call.
\" Katrina"on the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open up the doors of the house, put your music well strong and see if you go? ''
And it worked . So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the Swedes.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile, called``Space Conservation . ''
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people in New World University of Boston.
One day, this really happened, it comes to this order:``Katrina in my trash cube . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that? ''
The McCana Content dynamic is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In McChurin Congo, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I approached the place, I found the trash cube behind the house.
Katrina? Yes . Live? Yes.
I turned the cube . I went home.
Good night, South Africa . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I'm talking about a platform for people to emerge and help others.
So, one citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
It connects two people.
And it might have connected to government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we're tracking the communities.
If we call an animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect the government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches.
Underneath it's what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that shock that keeps us that that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and we're losing power.
People believe politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work occurs.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That's the USA movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens that have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the Secondotes Project on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been rescued to the government, it's time we asked ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to face.
Do you really think that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't afford government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology, it's possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to strengthen civil society.
There's a generation that grows with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act, you just have to articulate systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years, so I, to regulations, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk; they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you deal with the government problem, you don't care too much to do your voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government work better.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean up a hydrant, taking weeds, dumping a trash cube that has a Salk inside.
Of course, we could always have clean those wounds and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not only consumers, we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix citizenship.
So I want to ask all of you, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or are we going to be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and the corridor of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED, watching these stimulus have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach them with feelings, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it was if it's charity, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started many of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Your parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born on the 1880s and his experience with slavery confirmed how the world looked like.
She was tough, but she was also love.
When I was a little bit, and I looked at it, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was born.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I came back and said,``Brown, do you still feel my hug? ''
And if I told him that no, I was caught again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that I would always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
Sometimes when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins running.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smiled it, but she was very serious.
After 15 , 20 minutes, she was lifted up, and she came up, he took me out of the room, and he said,``You see Brown . The two are going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said,``Brown, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``Now I'm sure you don't ."I said,``Sure . ''
And then he sat down, he looked at me and he said,``I want you to know that I've been watching you . ''
And I said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do what you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
And then he said,``I just want you to be promised me three things.
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to ask me is you will always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my daughter, and you have to promise you always care about it . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mama, so I'll do it . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want you to ask me is that you will always do the right thing, although the right thing is the hard thing . ''
I thought, and I said,``Yes, Mama . So I'll do it . ''
Then he finally said,``The third thing I want you to ask me is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mama, so I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a brother a year older and a sister a year younger.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beers package, I didn't know where I pulled them out, grabbed me to my sister and me and went for the forest.
We're just doing the madness of always.
He took a sip of beer, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said,``No, no, no . You know, you know, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . Today you do it . And you always do the same thing as you.
I already took something, your sister also . I take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens? I take a beer . ''
And I had a little bit about the strength, and I went,``Oh, I'm not going to be still thinking about the conversation with Mom . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was quiet.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know that's widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue; I say it for the power that identity has.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that really don't see them.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe power.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prison during the ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had, we had to commit them.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in behavioral freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much disappearing, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black and 30, it's in prison or in a condition.
In the urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young people in prison are in jail or in the condition.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but it's wealth.
And we seem to feel very quiet.
The policy of fear, and the formula makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious developments.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you're standing with rights forever if you have a criminal convention.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we put it up to the next 10 years, the level of rights loss will be as elevated as it was before they approved the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where children are sentenced by 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, unable to get out ever.
Right now we're in a process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In a sense, have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve dying for comets?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for comets, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, one has identified one which is innocent and liberated from the corridor of death.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent in nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, you would never allow you to put airplanes, if every nine of you who woke up, you would be out of star.
But somehow we get sick of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African history, I'm talking about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being libraries.
They're worried to be bombarded.
The threat of terror was what his lives defined.
Now there are older people who are approaching me, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you're telling talks, makes speeches . Tell the people that stop saying that in our history, for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . I say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial instability and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we're blind with each other.
We constantly created tensions and conflicts.
It costs us to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real and reconciliation process.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures on death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know that it's good worried to hear what you say . ''
Audience: We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We can never have it here . ''
The room was in silence and a lady said,``There is no way that with our history, we can never be able to get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we put people out . ''
Tell me about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, executed people, especially if they were mostly Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we actually don't care about these things that hard, positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are bound by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the advances, which will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of us.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, the development is not just about brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas as well as heart convictions.
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look not just the brilliant and destinated, but also the dark and the difficult thing.
Valley Habitation, the great child leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we had all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a will for being in designs of despair and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must commit them.
There's no relationship to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women just meet to speak.
Occasionally, the lady Carrie called me, to say,``Brown, you come the lady Park . We're going to meet you to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Be lady . I do want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I was going and just listened to you.
It was something very viscerally, very lit.
And in one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks came to me and said,``Now, Brian, I gave you that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted carefully.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice administration.
We try to end up with the life senses, without free freedom for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with massive incarceration . ''
I gave him all my best speech, and when I finished looking at me, and he said,``Hmm Mom Hmm . ''
And he said,``You end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that time, Ms. Cart was leaned, he put me his finger on his face and said,``That's why you have to be very but very brave . ''
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher to the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a lie.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not a thief.
Even if anybody kills another one, it is not a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I actually think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very elightent, very stimulating, not judging us for our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, the character of a society is judge, not by the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but by the way they treat poor, the convictions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel awake . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I got tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of toughness.
I'm going to jail, and I see my clients 13 and 14, who have been trained to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what's not?
The judge was killed as an adult, but I see a child.
One night very late, I was awake thinking -- for God, if the judge can become something that you're not, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a magic.
He had a 14 year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working on the kitchen, with a collapses that said,``Mohamed for my 14 year-old black client to be treated as a 75-year-oldator privilege of 75, executive of a corporation . ''
In the kitchen, I put out that there had been induced behavior in accusation, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line that was attracted to how in this country there's no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
Now, the next morning I woke up thinking that inspired magic would be a dream, or did it really write it?
For my horror, not only had he dealt with it, but he had sent her to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I jumped up to the car and felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and dense.
I finally got off the car . I walked to the judge.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a older black man; it was the advice of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said,``Who's you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you a lawyer?"I said yes.
And so I was approached and hugged.
And I was whispering in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that it was veryicral.
That's deeply connected to my inner, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
When he enters, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you write this bear? ''
I said,``Yes Mr. I was me ."And we started to argue.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came in the assistants, the assistants, the assistants.
All of a sudden, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and all of you because we were talking about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the radar of the eye, he came to see the advice he was going and came.
He looked through the window and he was going to hear all that footage.
He kept walking for here and for there.
Finally, this old black, with a concern face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge stopped a recession.
During the desk, an assistant of the rent was supposed to be offended because the council had entered the room.
The assistant is addressed by the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went to this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the target with a firm . ''
I've come to TED today because I think a lot of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds to justice.
That we can't be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and by dignity.
That our survival is bound to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the fragmented, compassionate and justice.
And above all, to those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that you keep the view in the goal with a firm.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Just hear and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BF: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you're going to make a effort to remove the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on the death penalty, in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of homicide cases don't recognize in arrests.
56 percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law itself, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the crime in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to the ones that you think is this?
MS: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's about the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in the Cartesian population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain; by stealing a bicycle, by little crimes against the property, instead of making those resources give up their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Travis, you've been excited to stand up here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow threats by Bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: Handrame in Somalia . Announcer 3: The police sucks O.C . spray.
Logotue 4: Shakesond shores . Announcer 5: crosses.
Announcer 6: Social decline . Announcer 7 : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: Lots of tsunami . Announcer 9: cyberattacks.
Voice: War to the drug . mass destruction . Mass destruction.
Recession . Barries . Final judgment . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, so they could quickly be over the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer negative news, because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
And order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make them damage.
That's why a dozen stories would be able to look at the negative.
That old adage of the press,``If there's blood, sell ,"is very true.
And because all digital devices provide negative news for seven days a week , 24 hours a day, no wonder that we're pessimistic.
Don't surprise that people think the world goes from wrong.
But maybe it doesn't.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is we get distortion.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy; we have them.
As human beings, we are very good for addressing problems and, in the long, we end up with them.
We looked at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled, average income per capita per capita has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that global literacy went from 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, phones, air conditioning and cars.
The barrier of the candidate of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
It's a lot of the technology, and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that I put on the information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a '70s supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and booming.
It's the speed of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It's not stopping any of the big challenges.
And even though it's plotted in a law on the left, it goes up to the top.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, on Moore Law's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends from Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, the fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanotechnology and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jeopardy from Watson, from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline to have.
And I loved this:``Watson sells human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
I play with the nuances of the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the mobile cell.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can they be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to make a company, or a product or a service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating a fancy life for every single room on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that, which is scarce and become plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon III in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
Napoleon troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Simon, he ate with aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and the silver.
That's why the tip of the memorial to Washington is aluminum.
You see, even though aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electron came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was discarded.
We projected this analogy to the future.
Think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a blank planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 hours of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the gift for diesel : 80 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that by the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have plenty of energy, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spacecraft of the Earth, in 1990, after he happened?
I took a famous picture . How did it be called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 98 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for two percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanoparticles.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the British -- I'd like to share with you, I gave permission to do that -- his technology called Sylvia -- that's already the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of water from the day of any source, solid water, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a potential innovation for this technology that there is today.
And we've seen it in the mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan about 25 years ago.
And to tell with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars, video, books, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology now will be broken and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes when it comes to health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Foundation, which is called the X Prize, which is 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams in the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they're talking about, and because it's got A.I . they can be able to get blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where mortality charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence an RNA virus or DNA that you don't recognize, you call the health care and, first of all, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will move from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never heard that they join the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you consume? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And it's going to be healthier, thanks to the Triceration, from a better education with Academy Khan, and because of the use of 3D impressions and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity, educated health and productive health?
How about a voice you never hear before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What are these three billion?
And if you're contributions that we can't predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Folding.
He came at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a superconductor problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing.
And it has shown that today's recognition machinery is better to raise proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the Brazilian innovation.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that we're going to be immersed to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the choir of the point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
You may think it would be personalizedess, but it didn't.
It actually picked fish.
And he described one of them as very``common . ''
It was the grouper.
I fished it a lot to the 1980s.
Now the fish is on the Red List of IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they keep intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the collapse of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were typical types of about 20 centimeters, the black beard thylacine.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and went through a good moment, so it was made more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had halved.
They killed the five centimeters.
experiencing a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was a complicit in the introduction of dragged fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the back of 1960 Europe made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development meant to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, including industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called the Munda 4.
I went out fishing in him, and we did studies in South China of China, and especially in the Sea of Java.
What we captured is something intensive.
We captured, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs on a few remains, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck, and then it was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In one year, you do a study, and then you start fishing.
The background goes from being a solid background of soft coral, in this case, to be a leader.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They were fired because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowning.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what they pick up the fishermen every time they go to an area where they've never fished.
But it doesn't have documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We hit the point of departure, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like this happens.
On the y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, number of orders, the vehicle of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images that are received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the supply of change.
And at the end of the end, I'll keep a few miserable remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before you get extinct, is unlikely.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose very little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on large animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become unreasonable because we've got them.
Over time, there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they'll do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect the evidence to have.
For example, the anecdote that some of you are presenting, like that captain, and maybe a lot of fish in this area can't be used or, usually you don't use the scientists of fishing, because it's not``science . ''
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in those societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the huge paper that can take a protected marine zone.
Because with marine marine zones, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has been running, and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine zone and can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle Midwest people, for example?
I think there are arts, and the movie maybe can fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bay of Christmas.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the nuances and the storms are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about what people are moving with the film, I'm going to talk about Pittsburgh's story, why will we move with images?
Because it brings something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, to make``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Alice, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today, we'll see why videos are doing viral and how important it has.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper notes in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can do famous on the Internet in a sanctity.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, from those, just a little percentage of it gets viral, it gets infinite of visitors and winning culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, computer training and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beau Valley: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow!
Harba, wow.
KA: Last year, Benjamin Vietnam published this video filming outside his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the representative in the popularity rise of the summer last summer.
Benki is not proposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you call the YouTube Mountain Bell.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmel.
Jimmy Kimmel published this piece that catapults the video to popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmel introduced us new and interesting things and divided them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You've got to start the Friday . You all want the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday . starting the Friday . KA: Don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Red Black's``Friday"is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like,``Arm rainbow twice ,"this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it Torivable and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mystrep Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke about video on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paraphrase of``Friday"on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the unconscious entertainment of the 20th century, this communal participation is our way of being part of the proper phenomenon or doing something new with that.
\" Hall Cat"is a repetitive animation with a limited music.
That's what it is.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is creativity that woke up the technology of the Internet.
There was reminder.
Somebody made one version of the old.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, all of a sudden community came out of the whole community that made this happen from being a joke that's silly to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted``Aristo beinged twice"or Rebecca Black or``Hall Cat"?
What do you script could have written this situation?
In a world in which two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected video can get rid of the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who was protesting against cyclists in New York City, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Wikipedia: I was blown up by not circular because of the bike, but often there are obstacles that prevent you right around the bike.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Williams made five million, and understood your idea.
So this approach is worth for all new things that we do creative.
And this leads to a big question.
Beau Valley: What does this mean?
I hear.
KA: What does this mean?
Trend creators, creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected community, are characteristics of a new kind of media, of a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit aware of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media, they're barely in the current media, but they will define entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still generated.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communist came in San, addressing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they would break it.
It's broken in silence.
He died through history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let it have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to clap us, but we would support it.
The next part of the puzzle is on a boat when you squeeze it slowlyred to the sea.
My mother, Moi, was only 18 years old when her father died, and a container marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a single task: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that he couldn't do it.
And then from a four-year shot that defies the fiction, a boat is sliding into the sea sheet of fishing.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a profit with poison.
If we were caught, we will first take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the dam diving in each wave, and the vast horizon and empty.
I didn't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the men's courage in our boat, or the engine would die and couldn't get up for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and to the young man who collapsed and died, I end up the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given for the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
And after three months in a refugee camp, we would challenge in Melbourne.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set out in Fordes, a class suburb to play whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence, which I discovered, in Foundary, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were from the rest of the world.
And the Native English fragments were sharing between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on TV.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assigned, and they set up an extra tutor in English and math, no matter what you should take out of, which was usually new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankles, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful words about the``salary eyes"and some graffiti:``Asian, go home . ''
So where?
Something in me is angry.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to get you up . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we sat on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then he studied to be stupid and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and inflating, and the trauma kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, including what you demand from myself.
In the other, I was hooked in predatory lives, tragically overwhelmed by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many got help over the years.
And because of that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the Australian young year.
And I witnessed a piece of the puzzle to the other, but its edges didn't fit.
And so Le, Andrew anonymous resident, was now as Le and social activist, invited to speak in sites I'd never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retire to the routines and the comfort of life in an Israeli suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each and burning asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got into the boat.
The``no"ever had been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``And you're not what you don't . ''
So I talked about juvenile performance and education and destination to the marginalized and the waste.
And the more frankly I talked, the more I was political to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my bachelor, I realized that I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be an unknown, a newly coming up, new on the scene -- and not just it's okay, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because being in the inside can easily mean putting the horizons, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world will be destroyed, but not the way we fear.
They were possibilities that they wouldn't have been allowed, they were tremendously tremendously.
There was an energy there, an implicit optimism, a rare mix of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
So John to a small group of people who the slogan``can't do"was a crafter challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My hearts again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Renaissance was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died soon after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, it became a contract of a Mandarin whose mother beat her.
Without support of his husband, he caused a return by demanding it and taking her cause, and much more revealing caused when she won.
You can't do it proven to be wrong.
I was in the shower in a hotel hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower, and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Foundation and sat around their casket.
We told her stories and we made sure we were still with her.
At night, a monk came and said he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"he said.
\" You haven't succeeded . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we now can see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had easily agreed.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for sure?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a product in your lives, bringing it brave in each wave, the constant rate of the engine, the vast horizon that you won't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and see them safe, I would.
Transition New and also Mother's mother is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Moore Ali.
We were convinced how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian edition``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel we jump into a car, and we took the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I was, the great Indian warrior prince, he had thirst, he pulled an arc and with a arrow to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with workshops and machines.
The conclusion we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that got me very excited.
Every time I felt a little bit more technical.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating an attacker if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me her platform of pocket.
And this 50 year-old technology piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and narratives in my imagination.
I had a sense that the mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent you to be.
They provide our inspiration.
And so I launched, I moved to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrated books since I was 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we.
Take the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The storytelling becomes more and more multicultural.
But what does that make us?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive app for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I became a character of the book.
In several moments, I get a cartoon -- the iPad knows where I live to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic magic, those ideas that we add from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always turned out really exciting.
So over here, we have to figure out the iPad to release fireflies.
And actually, illuminate your path in what's rest of the book.
Another idea that fascinated me about a girl was that all of a galaxy gets in a bag.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I dragged into this magical device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, filmedates and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go into.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary.
These are the advances here.
We've all heard of the homes and the numbers, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, the grasslands?
These poor guys have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old and moist book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
It's a story that deals today as the environmental crisis.
And by talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their PCs, hasn't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go out outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images from different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: palm, stones, guitar and shells.
For some reason, children don't do it anymore.
So to recover this childhood ritual, you have to go out and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So this is a digital collection of photos that you can put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says,``Today I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken.
Within the variations of connection between magic, Earth and technology, there are many possibilities.
In the next book we can have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad, and the video goes up and through augmented reality, you see a group of animals that appear on the inside of the house.
At one point the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and blow them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined technology and magic and technology approaches each other.
We took the power of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of testing projects failed.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the University University was to get to a listening director.
And not in a very scientific way, she gives up a little coffee cup or you and I asked patients, family and know, what happens? ''
\" How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the test projects failed, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi check . It's something very simple.
It's got a little bit of a light.
Every morning, I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I get connected, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him also . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time in which it needs heart assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning, I was connected to my wife Wi-Fi, and before I go up to my car, people start talking,``You know, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people in their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, being available.
This little bank connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to regain control and be captains of their own boat, but it also can help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, like the cost of the costs of media care, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but they also do it by gravity.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM boxes are in Machine.
And so where are all the gas gas gas.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest Desert to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get Delay to save lives right now.
So what we did was we do practices in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience that: If you look at a Delay, please send, say where, and when it's open, because sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 deployments were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lagos, really augmented, to find these Elvis.
And every time you're in Machine City and someone collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks you can use your Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest Desert, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this, not just like Stage 40, which is the name of the product, but also like Lesterland.
And we wanted to start globally.
We're serving all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, so that they help us find, work and act like a center for the Clak maker around the world.
Every time you're vacation and somebody collapse, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us to fly these Elvis.
They might be messaging services or television people, for example, to see if the Desert that's shown is still in their place.
Please help me and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share photography.
Or is it the photograph?
Because of course, they're pictures that can't take their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
It was mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little different, because when using the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a picture with a camera, the process ends up when you press the drill.
For me, photography had more than to do with being in the right place, at the point of time.
I thought anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulsing.
And pictures like this: a building in a very rough road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realistic.
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality, I say phenomena.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want you to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
And pictures that you'll have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more than to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is the details or the colors?
The light?
What does the illusion create?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginable objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But they combine in a certain way, they can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It's really going to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think, are that we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images would fit with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is built.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is manipulating.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place than to find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew that I had several months to plan, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pump.
And yes, I even did red the top of the island of the island to seem more Swedish.
So to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and very realistic.
All tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
So, please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram anybody who took from a folder of mine.
I'm not interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the Richardsad microprocessors versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, as a lot of others we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step of here represents a magnitude order on the performance scale.
Speaking of technology with fearless curves is something novel.
There's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve in which, say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to draw, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a selected curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as the microprocessors, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rate.
There's no precedent in the history of technological development of a geometric growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve, I know like this until something completely different is, or maybe I'll do something like that.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this will happen.
So, now we're going to be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask, is, what is that new way that I adopt the world?
What new state is the world going on?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember as a child in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
That's a transformation . We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it's all so different that you're going to extract what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computing.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So, we're going back to about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great strategy with many chemicals that were floating around them.
If we see the way those chemicals are organized, we give ourselves an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at the time, I had floating an oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet sets together a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials out of the outside and so forth.
They started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet.
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random random recipe.
And every time you divide yourself, you have a distribution distribution of the chemicals that you contain.
So every cat was a little different.
In fact, the blobs that somehow differ up to be better at the time of incorporating the chemicals, they grow more, getting more chemicals, and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand these pathways, they learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they elaborate in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living thing is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can now write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust, which I try to hide people in the safety of airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA and amplified 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all of you -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If you were an reactor, you would have put it into a virus, and you'd have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy, another billion years.
But then another great interesting step happened in which things became very different, and that was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information to form the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and they put them up to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are lots of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survive or fail together, which is that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were more required, and they were favorite for evolution.
And the tipping point happened when these communities came together so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-marine community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These are started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that don't do more than process information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started specifically inside the community being the structures responsible to record, understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time period.
So, an organism could, for example, learn how to eat some fruit because I knew wrong and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the fact that the nervous system built those information structures is extremely accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the necessary time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
And I'm sitting here to make a little bit of gravity, and hopefully building a similar, vague and confusing idea, in your heads that I've had a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we converted it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as humanity, we've started making abstractions.
Now we go through similar periods to multicellular organisms; we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephony, the computer, the video tape, the CDC and so on . It's the specialized mechanisms that we now built to manage that information.
And that drives us in something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we do before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of television in which it produced some evolution with the Copenhagen program, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, the language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the next, like electronics, it seems to take just a few decades.
The process gets replaced; I guess it's the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this curve explosion.
We see that the process gets better.
But I make the life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I job to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to do it in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions of them.
Instead, with the designers of Thomas Machines, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it into the machine, and the machine with that does something that you can't get, far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes we employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please, computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions? ''
Could you execute these sequences of random instructions, execute all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So, we found the programs that are most coming up to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, he could play two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that do the task?
We keep those and we'll take the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered.
And we went back to play them following a process of resistantess to sex . ''
We take two programs, who are focusing on kids, who are supportin, that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
Collective again.
And some mutations.
I try and try again with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that add numbers absolutely perfect.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they turned out the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Martin Minsky, and I got a card and he says,``Look at this.
He says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight .' Don't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to rely on computers to make design processes well differently.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than normal engineering produces.
However, we don't understand all the options that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
We now use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it gets better.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all of these technologies are delayed.
We're breathing.
And we're at a moment in analog of the single-celled organisms when they become multicellular.
We are the amoeba, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the point of inflection.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part thinking that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of whatever it is to come.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've come up with enough time to allow you to check part of my false press on that.
Before I try to treat my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end, the World Series approach.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to go out``Raising rules"-- talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm focusing on one of them, and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called a bat average.
And we're talking about 300, from a balance that dances 300.
That means that biomass bat effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game, without being caught, and anybody who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three 10 attempts.
You know how they call a 300 dancer dancer in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a $400 baseball dancer?
By the way, that's somebody that 10 strokes, it's four.
legendary -- like the legendary Ted Williams player, the last Pixar League player to execute more 400 strokes in a regular season.
Now we take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have an emergency, and they're headed to a surgeon that has also a 400 record in approach.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a remote place, and a loved self has two clogged coronary arteries, and your family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose record in anti-controlledess is 200.
But do you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their actions have been 250.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of the action of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon, of a nurse or a generative obstacle?
1,000, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and it includes me, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, they made a mistake, and they're likely to figure out how to do it right.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medicine school.
I was a comparable obsession student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Galapagos studied up to a blood test.
Just like.
I studied in my little mess, in the nurses of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of the memory.
From my class of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the wall, the frequent difference and the non-sensorial difference.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify kidney blood action.
And while it was so much more and more knowledge.
And I went very well; I graduated with honor.
And exception of medicine school with the impression that if you memorized everything, then you would know everything, or the most possible thing, close to everything, because that's how I'm shocked from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Dragon lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when I brought the lady Drawner to the emergency service where I worked.
At the time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when I read a cardiologist, I took a cardiologist to that patient.
And they report the chief of residents.
When I saw the lady Drawn, I was jewelry.
I heard a tough sound.
And when I hit it, I heard a sound broken on both sides, which would inspire me a concentrated heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of breaking the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did and I started working on the treatment that I would give.
I gave him astronomy and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him diplomats, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when he ate the first mistake; he sent her home.
In fact, it made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't get what I should have done, which was to call my boss and build it with him to see it.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to bring up complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I probably didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse to take care of the Darfar lady,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it will be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance along with the paradiseses took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I followed my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk into the parking where my car was to go home . At that time I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the road service service.
And there another nurse, not the one I care about the lady Drawn before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists are afraid of it, but there's a participation in emergency, and it's that we see the patients in the face.
The three words are: Do you remember?
\" Do you remember the patient that sent your house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total natural.
\" Well, she came back, with the same tone of voice.
She went right.
But it came back and on the brink of death.
At the case of an hour of having gotten to his house, after I gave him the high, she suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the paralyzed brought them to emergency with a $50 blood pressure, which means a severe shock.
They barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff waste all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was confused and rocked up to the spinal cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the stability was in intensive therapy and waiting for all hope to recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that they never woke up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family gathered together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let it go . The lady Drawn, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say that they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished by it and experienced for the first time the word shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just, isolated, without feeling that shame, because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the pairs and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't for my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that he would smell things and make sure that they don't give me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did I send her home?
And in my worst moments, why do I make a mistake so dumb?
Why do I choose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was made up.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened, and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I reduced the efforts to be perfect to don't make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he pointed here.
He looked at his throat, he was a little colorful.
He was preparing penicillin and sent him home.
But as he went to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my shift change, my boss asked me to speak with me very much in his office.
And I plan the three words: Do you remember?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat?
Well, he came back, and he didn't have a basic feature.
It had a potentially lethal affection called extraes.
You can look at Google . It's an infection, not the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those pathways.
He, fortunately, doesn't fail.
It's being broadcast antibiotics, and it gets back to the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and reproductivetic, then I was relieved and went back to work, until over and over again and again.
Twice in the same generation of urgency, not diagnoseded.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a shock.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a X-ray X-ray, but it turned out a colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I was order to get a liquid order, and I asked my colleague to review him.
He checked it, and he noticed some sensitivity on the bottom right quadrant, called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recovered well.
But every case, I got tormented, I got off.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a piece.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and no support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the vote that tells me what happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them this so they don't make the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you don't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues, that a trauma in my hospital pushed the wrong leg, believe that I would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't -- those who can't sleep and the ones that don't sleep, the ones that have a little result, and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as an antibody that starts attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we get from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, about medical divisio and medical journalism, I've done a basic medical study and medical error to learn what's possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program,``White Four, Black Art"-- black art.
And what I learned is that errors are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, in which one in every 10 prescription drugs in hospital are wrong, or longevity is not right . In a system where sustainable infections are increasingly and more numerous, providing chaos and death.
In this country , 24,000 Canadians die by pressure medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about crude survival, because we're not unraveling the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't get out.
The dream of sleep invaded all the sleep.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect story of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes downing with the eyes, and with attachment to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story comes away from contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things as usual.
And my patients are not cars . They don't do their symptoms always in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So, if we took the system as they taught us, and we removed all the professional professionals to error, well, there's no one.
And what about people don't want to talk about their more serious cases?
In my program,``White Delight, black art ,"it's a custom to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everybody, from the paradises to the head of heart surgery:``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah blah blah --``What are your mistakes?"And he'll direct the microphone
And their students would stop, go back, go down the head and get out of saliva and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a regulate medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine doctor is human, you know human, it accepted it, and it doesn't be proud of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving and supportive way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they eat mistakes from time in time.
My name is Brian Galapagos.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm a human, I made mistakes.
And I feel so much, but I strive to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
You know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average number of choices that say to pick an average American, is about 70 a day.
Not a lot ago, in a research, followed for a week to a group of presidents of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks caused by these executives, and the time they employed in making decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average , 13 works a week.
Naturally, every job included lots of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time.
Now think of their choices.
You know how many belong to the nine minutes category, and how many of the time?
How do you heat the way that you manage those decisions?
Today, I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today: choice for choices.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm a blind, you raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a palm.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student from the University of Stanford, frankly this very, very high supermarket -- at least in that time, was very sophisticated.
It was called Drawn's.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different classes of mustard and vinegar, more than 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water, and this was when we took the faucet of the faucet.
I loved to go to that store, but in one occasion I asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the standard of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Is this strategy going well to offer all these options? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the siblings.
Passion.
They had 360 different classes.
We installed a post to decide, right to the entrance of the store.
We put in there, and we put six flavors, or from 24 different tastes, and we looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop to try to test the mosque?
More people stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent, that when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a marketing task.
Here's the opposite effect.
Of those of you who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy.
As there were six, we saw that 30 percent was bought.
If we do the calculations, people were six times more likely to buy more than if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, it's going to decide that we don't buy more likely to do that, and it's less good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in traditional decisions.
We decided to don't decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guides Humber Hambatoric and West Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, between about 650 plans in this country.
We're interested in seeing if the number of the funding supply available in savings plans for retirement, the 405 program, delivering people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation.
We had 650 plans that were going from two to 50 different options.
And we found that the bigger the number of funding funds, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that are offering two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you'd like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation goes down to the bottom 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when you have more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, the more people were engaged by avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we collect to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences when they offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they're making the decision, that they're going to apply it even when it goes against self-interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they're objectively going better.
The main reason is that we're looking at looking at that giant variety of May, mustard, vinegar and meracion, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose for that impressive exhibition.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we've tried, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test their business.
The first one is, Coach.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, than less.
People are always upset when I say,``Wow . ''
They worry about losing space in the analogy.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Prace & Gamble went from 26 different types of Henry & Shurn to 15, you saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When corporation Golden Cat chose the products for cats that are less sold, the uses increase in 87 percent, for two causes: greater sales and less cost.
You know, the supermarkets today, in average, provide 45,000 products.
In a store of Walmart, it's about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the world today is Ali and it offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think that one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle better choices is David Lama's plan, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically engaged to a insurance fund.
You really want to choose, you're offering 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that people often say,``I don't know how to cut.
These are all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees,``Tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you cannot do their customers . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a lot of vacation to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want the read.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the Gary supply.
( A few applause) Well, anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it's actually going to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second round, but I can zoom up and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each option, and that consequences have to feel very vividly, very concrete.
Why is people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use cash?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Sharon Benjamin and Alaskan Princeton, on the personal Indian Higgs staff who worked in India . These people were in a meeting in which they were affecting a 404 plan.
By that meeting, that we put exactly as used, we made a little addition.
What we added was that we applied to the staff who thought about the positive things that happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this message there was an increase in the agency of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is classification.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hallway.
We saw that in the Wright supermarkets, along the northeast corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 333 different guys to 600.
But, you know?
Because the classification tells me how to do it.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called``Jack"and the other,``Sunsan . ''
If you think the one on the left is Syria and the one on the right is Japan, you give a palm.
( A few applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Syria, you give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Silian . But, you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something to choose, not as defined.
You often see this problem with those huge funds of funds.
Well, what are they reporting on?
My fourth category: Conflict complexity.
It turns out we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision; the purchase of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows you to completely personalize.
You have to make 60 decisions, to put the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offered each.
colors, outside color . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box; four choices.
What I'm going to do is vary the order that decisions appear.
So half the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, to a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How much involved you are.
If you get always the default button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed, which is: we're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many options to few choices, they hate the button of the hell over and over again, and another.
We lost them.
If they go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was alter the order in which information was presented.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the box of change, it doesn't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration, in all ways I prepare to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more engaged with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice overload: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives; I'm going to be able to make it real, to make it real; classify, we can handle more categories with less choices; the complexity of complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
I think the key to get the best of a choice is to be careful by choosing.
And the more careful we are in our best choices, the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1950s, in communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing, you had to record it to the government.
He had to register a text sheet of example written with the machine.
And this for the government to track the origin of texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't conceive that someone could do this, how much this will limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a little yellow points on every page that follows a pattern that makes them themselves and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of fun for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can grab the attacks according to their attacker.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Gulf of the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, huge amounts.
There are really many cases of online online, multi-state, who won money with their attacks.
This is Venus Tasmanian, from Tor, Estonia.
This is Alfred Governor.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Bruce Street.
These are Matthew Anderson, Lara Alexandria etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortunes, but they do it by illegal media through banking trees to steal money from our bills when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jain was smelling; he got rid of her stop.
And I say, today, it's more likely than any of us to be victim of a cybercriminal than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attack that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate them, they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have thrown up in the last 12 months using a role in the attacks online.
Those are the three main attacker: the criminals that do it for money, the sacrifices like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments who attack.
And then we see cases like December.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Diatron is a cardiological authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
It declared the last fall because of a sanitation.
They take the safety of the site and put a cigarette.
So last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found playing the death of people in the attack to December.
And the answer of it was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of these?
It's a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do the certificate serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with students, services encrypted -- SMS, services like Gmail.
Except that I'd put up a foreign certified authority authority.
They're going to be able to take a Band-Aid.
And in the case of December, exactly that happened.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, the protesters ship the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police police in April 2011, and during the output of the building, they found many papers.
In those papers, there was this folder called``Filebrate . ''
And within that folder, there were notes of a company with Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the country citizens.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company's headquarters is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple weeks ago, the Science Project found -- a group used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes beyond.
connection to the Internet.
They use even tools like the Science Project to infect our computer with a trick to allow them to see all communication, and listen to online discussions, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be,``Well, it looks bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
privacy is not arguing.
It's not a question of the privacy against security.
It's about control against control.
Now, if we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we're showing today, it will be forever.
Are we fully confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya in the south National Park of Nairobi.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park of Nairobi doesn't have close to most of the South, which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one that killed at night, and so soon we wake up in the morning, and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only thing we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to stick them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hated a lot of lions.
They're willing to be warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think this is so few in the National Park in Nairobi.
A child in my community, from the age of six to nine, is responsible for the cattle of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this didn't serve, because it even helps the lions to see the shelf from far.
I didn't laugh . I continued.
A second idea was to use a space.
I was trying to deceive the lions so they believed that I was near the stable.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the spirit, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killing animals.
So one night I was walking around the shelf with an torch, and that day, the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would press and turn the lights off.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I went through everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little box infected . I call it a transformation.
And the box goes up makes the lights flash.
As you can see, the lightbulbs are going out, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when you come at night.
The lights laid down and raise the lions to think I'm walking through the shelf, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had problems with lions.
And the neighborhood houses hear the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and he asked me if he could put the lights.
I said yes.
You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by the whole Kenya, to scare other predators like hyenas, leopard them, and it's also being used to make elephants of the farms.
And thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the savanna of the savanna spreading the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he said that someday would be within one.
And today I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Assault smell . What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Turing: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
ST: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA: An electrical fence?
ST: I know that the electric fences were invented, but I want to do mine.
CA: You've got it one time, right? And you -- LT: I've tried it before, but I went because I got a squid . CA: At the foot of the Canyon . Richard Turing, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate every step that I have, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . RD: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``Not envy anything . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spend all the time studying Kim School's story, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although I sometimes asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five family members will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We're reduced together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A living woman was dead on the street, holding a child in his arms looking at his mother's face without able to do anything.
No one helps them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine went into North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, more than a million normals died during famine, and only few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts, everything around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always asked why they had light and we didn't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the Rube River, which serves the boundary between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very unhappy at certain points, allowing us to normally cross.
But many people die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a refugee.
But soon, I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because northern refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be represented to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmare was done, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and I was stuck in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being normal, then they examine my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and sports.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, one officer said to another,``This was a fake report . She's not normal . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans are looking for asylum in foreign embassies.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These are not so lucky.
Every year, incomplete normals are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured, they're imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other NGOs haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can be made in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Astonishingly in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of division.
They even have a crisis crisis.
Am I a solution or a storyteller?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride mine.
Although I adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the university exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The authorities in North Korea would make a little bit of money that sent my family, and as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to a location in the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
Normalism has to travel long distances on the road towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I was commissioned to the border with North Korea.
Because my family could not speak Chinese, I had to take them, somehow, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The journey in bus took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by an official of Chinese police.
He asked everybody's identification, and he started asking them questions.
As my family could not understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, he immediately stood up and told him that they were deaf people who were lying up.
I looked at me systematically, but fortunately I thought.
We did all the way to the border of Lagos.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after I passed the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegally.
After I paid mountains and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the Lagos capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was retrospectes in prison to short distance from the South Korea embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man will ask,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger cared about asking.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man was the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other numbers, and put them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why am I helping me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the normal village . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
Now, the fate unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the normal people when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of international community is really the rays of hope that the normal people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met us in South Korea.
But it's just half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or none money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us follow in contact with family still inside, and we're sending information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help you do a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more normal substatial around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in the South Center.
This is the South Central: local stores, fast food, jumping ground.
So the planners in the city were gathered and thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this will fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South Angeles, local food, fast food, jumping ground.
Just like 22 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center, home of food places to carry and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to get more people killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see wheelchair chairs shopping and sold as used cars.
I see the city iPhone centers like Starbucks.
And I consider this to stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me, I was able to drive 45 minutes of anger, and I went back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, it was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a field of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Brothers, we came together and started planting our forest forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine whole vegetables.
What we do, we're a kind of a group paid by ahead composed of all frequencies, all of the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, he was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came up to me on top of me, and in summary, they gave me a slide saying that I had to remove my garden, the cylinder was made of court order.
And I said,``Come on, actually?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that nobody matters?"So he was like,``Well, let me get you . ''
Because this time, it wasn't going to happen.
Luther Times had the story written by Steve Lock, and he talked to the concept and one of Green Grands' members, who put a petition in Chantiness, with 900 firms, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concept even called to say that they would wake up and love what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more balloons.
He's got 68 miles of river ground.
That's equivalent to 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million tomato plants.
Why doesn't it look good?
Growing a plant will give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of holiday will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my anthem, when I tell people, they grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my children there.
I was laughing to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me for others, and I'm going to make me my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I culture my art.
Like an artist of graffiti, which shoots walls, I run soils, tears.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my shock of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what land can do . If you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is, and how you affect people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of my neighborhood transformation.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You'll be surprised to see how kids affect.
gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a train.
Also, you get strawberries.
I remember an occasion, which a mother came and his daughter, were like 1990 in the night and they were in my garden, came out and looked very cute.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear people are going to steal your food? ''
What I say,``For God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal . ''
That's where it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to raise your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a shelter to drop in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, I was sharing his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Grands has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, the kids will eat coffee.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes, but if nothing about this is taught, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind to what you put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck in, and I see color kids that are in this path designed for them, that doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are coming from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington curve is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to sustainable it.
What I'm talking about is putting people out of working to people, getting kids out of the street, knowing joy, pride and honor to grow their own food, opening farmers in farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
And I want everybody to become ecologicl, guidance, guidanc gardeners.
We need to change the script of what a management is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a management.
That the guards will take their pile right?
That's her choice.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, I don't call if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see you, you come to the garden with your palm so that you can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Clicks sound) (Clicks of Marsoven) probably everybody agrees with me when this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which it rains a lot.
They can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that he saved.
And especially if you go into your bicycle, and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make expensive asphalt roads.
The pore asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can move through it, so all of the rainwater flow flow down to the sides and have a road that's easy to drive, and it wouldn't save water.
Noise also disappears in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has developers, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can undo.
What is you going to get? You see that in this road, the stones on the surface are coming out.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and more and more and then -- well, not to do that, but you can give it his windshield, and they're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create scholarships with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Baracks, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage appeared in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of appearance between stones.
Because of the integrity, to the ultraviolet light, to the oxytocin, this advantage, this kiss, the glue between the risks, will be found, and if you get it up, you will become microscopes and you will separate from add.
So, if you drive through the road, you'll get the add -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about materials of self-assembly.
If we can make this material be authorized, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, of that to clean apart seas, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the kiss.
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an inflection machine.
Inference can heat, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the kiss, the kiss flow by these microscopes and the stones look back back to the surface.
Today I use a microwave oven today, because I can't bring the big inspiration machine here on stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tested many samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So we donated a piece of road , 400 feet from the Balting Highway, where we had to do a trial cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on road, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples aging, we put a lot of load on them, we repair them then with our infusion machine and we repair them and we went back to test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy for, actually, increasing the life of the surface of the road, even they can double the life of the surface.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the show here . It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to be able to cover first before you can show you how repair acts.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woke up one morning with the sound of the judge in my house.
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed it.
\" The Taliban went!``I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said to me.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were taken out of Afghanistan and made illegal girls that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide books in market bags so that we seem to be shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us approved in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives; the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, school is suddenly closed for a week, because Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were you following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were terrified, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total invisibility of a remote province in Afghanistan, I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father broke him.
But my mother educated became teacher.
This is her.
He recorded two years ago, just to turn our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate his children.
During the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Honey, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So, still don't want to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the high school, and if my family hadn't been so engaged with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself this proud to graduate at MIT College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather who was explained from her home for the courage of educating her daughters, he was one of the first ones to congratulate.
He wasn't just a kid from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, and I've been driving it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1912, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded alone, the first and maybe only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families that, like mine, advocate for them, despite, even in front of an unfortunate opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter was on the road from the road from the way to her village, and literally they were being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice will warn you that if you keep sending his daughter to school, they would try.
\" Geographic already, if you want ,"he said,``But I don't give my daughter's future for his old and represented ideas . ''
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who succeed, there's a parent who recognizes the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling intersections of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't look much, after the training of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that they animate them, I see a precise future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and some unlimited possibilities, and every day, the girls of Sol remind me.
Like me, they dream.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile,``Son, resist Gaddafi . Fight against him.
But you never become a Googler style revolutionary . ''
They've spent almost two years since the liquid revolution was inspired by the waves of mass mobility as much of the Tunisian revolution and the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other liberal citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of furniture and start a revolution against the Gaddafi's business regime.
And we did it; it was a great revolution.
Women and young books were in the forefront, they would demand each of the regime, they were carrying freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of the distance of the dictatorship of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Generation Republic regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the Libya society.
Consciousness of devastation and challenges, I've wanted to, along many other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demand an inclusive transition and just to democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Benjamin during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in School.
After a 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about developing capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an amazing group of women, we founded the platform of Women Library for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation, to advocate for the side of the woman and on our rights of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is moved from the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women would win 175 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
Yet gradually, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing; every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the ancient mosques of ancient mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day with the news of the American ambassador, and the attack of the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the military officers in the army.
And every day, every day we get rid of the government of the military and their continued violations of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, gets more pollution, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, which we had at the beginning.
Interaction, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire you with our history of the success of``criminal list"and the choices.
Rather than here today to confess that we, as a nation, we chose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The criminal list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both by men and women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but women's values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices needed, that only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the most than the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like outrage agents and call anger days.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not just honor, but also put the mercy into the middle of the revenge, the collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, desperately need to be able to reach peace.
Because peace has a block that comes from the intensity and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real creature.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a license.
According to a version of the Koran``Salada"-- the peace --``is the word of the God merciful, [unclear]. ''
At the same time, the word``rape ,"which is known in all the open traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``rate"-- uterus -- stimulation, stores and maternal, which fits all humanity of men and women, of which all tribes and all people have ever emerged.
And so, like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion is not all existence.
That's how you say,``My mercy ran all the things . ''
This is how you tell us,``My mercy prevented about my anger . ''
That all of you are given the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question, which has an equally disturbing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody always do: Why she's left?
Why would anybody stay with a man who was paid?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
He was 22 years old . He had just released at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first work as a writer and editor in Senegal magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first American Empathy, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, hit me to my head with a pistol, loaded with streeting bullets.
The man, who loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened with more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, a love disability, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm a license in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in marketing of the Narrator Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burket and The Washington Post.
It takes almost 20 years to my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black wash, and I donated a Honor Odyssey Minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody, all races, all religions, all the levels of profitable and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the margins are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent and long-term relationships, or, in other ways, in the families, the last place where we would want or hope to find violence; that's why, the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who stood up with a man who took him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be volunteered violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, novelses and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congress in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting beside my side in the subway of New York and started to float me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just been reading from a university of the Legoe Lego and worked on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in the first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a kid of the field.
He had some big models like apples, and a black hair wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congress did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did especially at the beginning of the beginning in a pedestal.
And we started coming out and loved everything from me: that it was ready, that he had gone to Harvard, who was a passion to help teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congress believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done.
And that's why the bachelor in that school prestigious and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to follow and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was come from New York City and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my work and Congress and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling on a``crazy love ,"which was entering head in a physical, financial, particularlyr preparationobilized trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she react.
And here's where they're in the scene of those guns.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where Congress was supposed to be so safe was bought three stories.
One was in the glove of the car.
Another shot underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in its pocket.
And he said he needed those guns because of the trauma that he lived from small.
I needed them to feel secure.
But those stories were actually a message for me and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first Phtreworide physical attack happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning, and they still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend suit and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we were living happily forever, because I loved him and he also wanted me to really.
And I was very, very welcome.
It just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding, and by the way of making a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and I would never make it damage.
I spent twice as much on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in my head that I bounce several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, I was drawn by traffic and threw a Big Mac cold on the face.
Now, I'm going to go through a couple of times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life, and the Centers Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Back to my question, why was I left?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply attactive man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congress to face their demons.
The other question that everybody is doing is, why doesn't it just go?
Why didn't I? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a mortality.
Because the last phase of domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after they go, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment, even after the abuse has come back to marry, financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to terrified the victim and their children, which are usually forced by judges to spend no overlap with the man who pays their mother.
And yet we continue to ask why it just doesn't?
I was able to be able to go, because of the last limestone of limestone that came my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had been allowed.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to all of them, and I'm here today because all of you are helping me.
We have the tendency to spread the victims as spooky headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The fault is yours to stay ,"as if the victims are going to be able to get out of men who want to destroy them.
But since I published``crazy love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also escape, who learned an unexpected lesson of what happened to them and reacted their lives joyful, happy, happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I came home with a man, and we have these three children.
I have that black wash, and also that mission.
What I won't have ever more, ever, is a pink gun pointing to my head in somebody who says I want.
Right now, you're just thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hey, what silly it was ,"but all this time, I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being battered, or that they were small, or they are abusedes themselves.
The mortal could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love to my own particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence just throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the score to the light talking about it with his children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
It represents your vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, which have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow up their escape and show victims a safe output.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call it Russian Cameron, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this point there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
So this is the first line shift on a TED stage, so you're very lucky, I think.
If some women are horrified when it comes, they don't have to say now, but they'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable; less bad than I don't have to use.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you do nothing while you cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would speed up the back and I would take the hair of the boy.
Of course, except surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I did two days ago for work, there are very little that we can do to transform our appearance, which, although superficial and unchanging, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being courageous means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that is to be a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere.
The first question is, how do you get a model?
And I always say,``A cartoon discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated with it at a high and spongy shape, to female and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, a heritage I've known to take to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now very skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that you'll say -- wait . There are Namibia, Twitter, Joan Web, Red Webb.
First, happiness for knowing so much models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student from the University of New York City told each and every one of the models in the past, and from the 767 hired models, only 27, is to say, less than four percent, were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Can it be model when it's older?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a neighborhood surgeon and a poet, which would be awesome, because you're the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you,``I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the reporter of the American Voice magazine or the executive director of H & M, or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike heart surgery, you can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've got your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your back, it doesn't matter what you say, you know, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``International clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are connected.
And yes, it's practically connected all the pictures, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a bicycle, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I struggled alongside my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are from the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a party party a few days before the photos for French Voice.
So here I am with my football team and in the V magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, people, magnetism, photographers and stations, and all their help and people of prisoner and pressure, and they get this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get things free?
I have too many 20 inches, and I never use, except the previous couple, but the privilege that I get are the ones that get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a desert desert, and I was just jumped in red, and, of course, we were standing, and I'm basically a feeling, agent to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140 teenagers that I was told and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 black and Latino young men in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of me?
But how many times do I stop? And when?
By the research for this talk, I found out that 50 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people do is, how is life in a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit thinner, and you have the brightest hair, you're feeling very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give you an answer that maybe like this.
We say,``It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said before, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my appearance every day.
And if you ever ask yourself: with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the hardest legs, the brightest hair and the clothes most to fashion, but they're probably the physical women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something that will retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was great enough to hit a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I wasn't me who pulled them out.
There were no artistic directors, no stores, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in the lighting.
In fact, most of them were thrown tourists into random.
My story begins when, in New York City to give a return, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you imagine what it comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter said, my wife said to me,``Why don't you take Saddam to New York in a family trip and continue the ritual? ''
This is when we started asking tourists to get us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever been denied, and fortunately, nobody has ever fled the camera.
So, we weren't aware of how much life would change us this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old could understand it.
These pictures are much more than represented from a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always get the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new daughters, and I can see life through his eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly, he stopped on dry, and he pointed out a red touch of the wooden store that he loved in small visits.
And I described what I had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart beating with force when I first saw that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York is universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the familiar photos.
I'm always the one that gets the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear on the picture, and you don't have to come to somebody and ask yourself,``Do you get a picture? ''
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The divers are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do you have such bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter personalized as mental characters, silly characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the laughter of laughter, laughter and actions, these are the attributes that are associated with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept . You know why?
Because the Parliament members don't keep clean the environment, the sponsors don't help prevent disease spread.
They're hardly moving . They're away from extinct . And, my favorite, the workers have better presence . There are two types of blogs on this planet.
There's the New World blogs that are mostly found in the Americas, like the cancers and the sales, and the Old World blogs, where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are they important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage collecting.
They cleaned the cadavers down to bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that they're not going to be for them and cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no blogs, the cadavers take three to four times longer in deserts, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The workers also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
pneumonia was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and, along with the cobra, shaking the unit between the High and the Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Jack was the holy god, and he risked his life to save the Sierra goddess of the 10 heads of the 18th head.
In the Tibetan culture, you've been doing very important entities of open sky, in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury dead, or wood to create them, so these divers provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the blogs?
We have eight species of diving in Kenya, which six are at extreme threat threats.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason that they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . psychiatric communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the workers are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of workers are on the critical list of extinction danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, they're extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from cattle consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dictionary.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India and has taken a position.
Since there are no divers, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the number of dead dogs, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge road bomb bomb . The narrative number has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa : 330 cents are going to be above the Turkana lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're bird sandwiches.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead workers to serve the barrier and the photographers market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting transmission.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We need to work with governments on regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about looking at the workers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very uninformed creatures, to donate their time to spread the word, spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you're going to inform them about the workers, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the blogs.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been killed for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971, to 1977 . young light, but I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project that we set up in Africa failed.
And I was stuck.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead, everything we do is analyze it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Wars of the Zambia ,"was a project where some Italians decided to teach Zambia's people to grow food.
So, we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that went down to the Cambridge River, and we teach the locals growing Italian tomatoes and collaboration, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes, they didn't get there . We were amazed that the locals, in such fertile Valley, hadn't had agriculture.
But instead of asking, instead of asking us how it was possible to grow nothing, we just said,``Thank God we're here ,"`` Just time to save people's Zambia from famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa is beautifully growing.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato grew up to this size . In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the branches,``Look at how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight, about 200 highways came from the river and ate everything, and we said to the branches,``Oh my God, the hypothetical! ''
And the branches said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought we were just the Italians we made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud about our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed hackers.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we gave them to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Death Death"by Damascus Moore, someni economist.
The book was published by 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has caused.
Just read your book.
It's a bit of a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are impossible, collaborativetion ministers, and we treat people just two ways: or the sponsors, or we are a parent.
The two words come from the Latin root``kick ,"which means``father . ''
However, it means two different things.
Patients, I deal with any different culture as if they were my children .``I want you so much . ''
So, I treat all of you in a different culture as if you were my symbols.
So the whites in Africa are called``Black ,"boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face:``Small is beautiful ,"written by Schrdinger, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, give them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground, and he said,``Can you imagine a city that is not neurological? ''
I decided at the age of 27, I just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never started anything, you never motivate anybody, but it becomes a symbol of local passion, the symbol of local people who are dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's quiet.
It comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the location.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's you going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important personal growth.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea cannot have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, listen? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never come out, and they never will say, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor in the company, the business doctor in business, who would be established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and it helps you find resources to transform your passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in hope, the city of West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this pocket trash that we got to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 measured projects, and the government came to me to ask,``How can you do that? ''
How can you do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
And so, the government says,``Make again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drawn, one of the greatest corporate advisers in history, passed at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drawn was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Drawn says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now, now you rebuild Christianent without knowing what the most Asian people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to join you.
You have to offer them, private, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll see, you'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What you've been doing, you've got more this morning?
passionate local people . That's what you've been clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The end as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nurture, we heal, we educate, we transport, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for the green revolution? The universities? Forget!
The government? Forget!
It will be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an adorable story that I read in a future magazine, many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1850.
And in the year 1800, this group of people got together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was unimaginable: New York City didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population in New York City to the surroundings, they would take six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already advanced in dung . So, in 1960, they were making this piece of technology that would optimize New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, in the United States , 100,000 car companies appeared , 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, standing, factories in places that were turned off.
Deal, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them frm.
Otherwise, they're not going to be talking to you.
Then you have to offer an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And then, then, you have to tell me the truth with respect.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things: the product you want to sell to you, have to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born yet.
We've investigated and observed the 100 icons of the world Carnegie, Western, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None of it was started by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in carts, in bars alongside their shrimp dedicated who will do for you, what somebody did by this gentleman who talks about this epilepsy, somebody who's going to ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` I want you to look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't know a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've been trying to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authoritarian, templates and chalk.
These projects come out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad time?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share more hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadows to lovers, drunk and iron for centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives up to music . There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most abandoned properties of America.
I live near this house, and I thought I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for living time.
I gave it clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I'm going to bring this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch on the day and forget what's really important for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transform the wall of this house in a giant blackboard, and I painted on her phrases to complete,``Before I die . ''
So the trains could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day the wall was required and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die I want to be judged by piracy ,"`` before I die, I want to sit in the line of date change . ''
\" Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die I want to hug again . ''
\" Before I die I want to go to someone's rescue . ''
\" Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh, they would destroy me, and they gave me a difficult time.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and specialized ways . It's about giving advice to reflection and contemplation, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic center colleagues, we did a kit, and now they have been made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of disaster, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remembering that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that I'm going to prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about death clearly classified our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
It's 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
I don't speak, but it takes joy better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
And I shared it intuitively happening what happens.
It's not announced . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and look at this: never lied.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I didn't even know, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it has to be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old . It's high . It's very cool.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four, I'm going to be hit in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Doesn't it be amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't fit to the concept of society, often they are ignored and incomprehensible.
But what they push to my heart and strength my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them inside the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual, they were manipulated differently, from there that I was so different from Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism is diagnosed, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that's fastest increases in the world, there's no cause, no known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I scream a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, I didn't look very interested in me at all.
He was able to live and laughed in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would be between midnight.
As it grew, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the benefits, frustration and hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure, innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that I had never lied.
It's extraordinary.
I can't deny that there's been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal is going through the beauty that makes us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some of them are wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Reney and Sam and to you, it would be they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- are a gift! Each of us has a gift inside, and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit about what has been to be Alice in the Washington country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication of engineering students.
He was scared . It was really scared . They scared these students with his great minds, their big books and their big and unknown words.
But when they developed those conversations, he felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just sat down when I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers cannot invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, have simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant for us.
They're not just telling us that they're studying the tapirs, but they study tapirs, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, they care with the jargon.
jargon is an obstacle to our understanding of its ideas.
Sure, you can say spatial and temporary, but why not say space and time, which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing as you make them stupid.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, and they're ways to zoom and engage with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget the signs of``bullet . ''
They've wondered why they're called``bullets"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's so much supporting in the area of our brain's language and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this leak of General Brown's example is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of tapirs is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate phrase, that the audience can understand if it's lost a little bit, and then providing graphs that extend our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help us we open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, all of the media, hide with simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the English English Dictionary is``Subantom . ''
It just sounds good.
And``Superman"means``deception policy . ''
Even though there was a personality editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said,``A trace is the one that looks for a public burden without matter or silver or principle, and that, when I win, I get it for the mere use of a reporteralized verbal monument . ''
I have no idea what``reporter"means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1776 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary chamber.
And all this was because of a guy's courage with the name of Brad Criter, who was faced to Parliament.
He got him in the London Tower and he was incarcerated, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase,``like, booth like metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's by a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
They were presented all kinds of suggestions that might have fragile.
Some wanted to call them``Jesus of State Washington ,"and others,``The Lake George Washington ,"and other``Defense of The American People of the United States . ''
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was a quality.
And they didn't even have it, they were monolithies, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have served.
Everyone was getting immensely tired, because this debate is released for three weeks.
And the day of a poor Senator, and I always wrote,``Still with this issue . ''
What caused the delays, and the until was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be empowered.
They didn't want to call it King for if it was given him or their ideas.
So, they wanted to give me the most modest, most insidious and most talented title that was happening.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . It already meant, but it just meant``somebody who owns a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more great than the term``foreman"or``supervisor . ''
There were presidents of small colonies and government failures, but it really was a insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate is moving.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meet foreign statements . ''
\" And who will take seriously with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't help.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never been shaped by the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to continue there, waiting for the Senate between in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we continue to expect 22 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and that's what I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads to available, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of armed air vehicles and so on.
Reality, and history has dedicated to the title of great.
So at the end of the Senate.
They got their personality title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness by then.
But know how many nations are they now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate Senate and the House of Representatives lost, because nobody's going to feel humble when they tell them they're now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave you with.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually, the reality is much more modified than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine from Ghana.
The air is loaded of heat and dust and hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of suicide bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but most of all, that marketing of male teams and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, I take a slippery light linear link to the head with this analyzing anti-control, and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches that are holding the walls of that hole of a meter falling hundreds of meters on Earth.
My hand was rescued and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before, who lost control and fell countless meters on that pump.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the depths of that hole risk their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I came out of that hole, and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
Over the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Control of Peace in Vancouver.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a Team's Star interuption, an NGO that's dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that existed in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I was honestly ashamed to ignore this feature of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a knot the stomach, and, weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the The Starnound director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I consider them my second home.
But this time, you'll sell the dirty suits.
A conservative calculation says that there are over 27 million people who are slavery in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole treatment of transparent slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today, you can enslave entire families for generations of minimum debt from $18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profit from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without payment, under violence, and they can't escape.
Today, slavery operates in trade: the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell of Dan.
immersed in a 54 C temperature, men, women, children, in fact, entire families, in fact, set up in a heavy slide of powder, and they're mechanically spreading bricks in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they take them from the burner arms to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
And we drove through the monkey and the tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There were no sticks to eat, not to drink, and the severe disaster made it just a lot introducting.
So persuasive was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and I sat there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces, I wanted to cry, but the advertising I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And it explained to me very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation than they were already.
I had to trust the Theraist and work within the system for their release and trust that they would get it.
As soon as me, I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids holding rocks during miles by mountains that were expected down.
Those big planets were more heavy than the kids who carry them, and the kids were holding them to their heads with roads made of sticks, ropes and rags.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some of them don't even know that they're slaves -- they're working 16 hours a day without paying because this has been like this whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages were breaking up their freedom, the slaves burn their homes.
By hearing the word slavery, we often think about sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness, they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was told by women who had been previously slaves.
I was driven by a little bit of a sudden staircase that gave this dirty basement, from fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Resolutions, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where slaves are set up with their girls and children, some of just seven years are forced to entertain customers and encourage to buy more food and alcohol.
Each post is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their customers.
On the lobby, I remember making sense of an airline fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a exit: the stairs where I walked into.
There were no hind doors.
There was no big enough windows to climb.
These people don't have a standard, and because we play a subject that's so difficult, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people slavery in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the labor of slave.
I visited Indian villages in which there were entire families in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are from the father, the blue and red roofs of their children.
They mixed thereformies in these big barrels and submittering silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My fearless told me his stories.
We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, however, you can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where you really pay us our job . ''
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 sliderial kids in the Volta lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a ship, two older brothers, some younger children, doesn't make sense of it?
I mistake . They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their trained families, disappearing and forced to work on these boats in the lake, even though they don't know swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking, and he was afraid that his little canoe was emotional.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the branches of the trees in the Valley lake often catch networks and children and favorites and fear, they were thrown into the water to unleash branches.
Many of them are drowning.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love, he's not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, translated to the younger slaves under his command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they lifted the last nets, but they'd been working from the one.
In the cold and vertical night.
And it takes to point out that these networks weigh more than 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen.
I met it in a shelter where I wrote the keys to the Starnound of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
They drove through a road in Ghana with Texas's socilisms, a pumping partner with his motorcycle motorcycle, and he knocks out our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow on a walk of land to the forest.
At the end of the road, it taught us to go out of the car, and asked the driver to go quickly.
Then he pointed this feeling barely visible and said,``This is the path, this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down, we took the instructions that blocked the road, and after walking about an hour, we found that the path was overwhelmed by the recent rains, so I put the photos of photos on my head as we got rid of these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the dry road ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and all of them were full of enslaved workers.
A lot of women had kids tied up to their backs, and, as they were looking for gold, they walked in water, they walked with mercury.
The mercury is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a pump in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet, and these people carry heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where they shake the stone so they can extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and powerful men, but if we look closer, we see we see to work to other people less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and of aging in a few years.
This is Man . When his father died his uncle, he took him to work with him in mines.
By dying his uncle, Man inherit the debt of the uncle, which force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Man has tuberculosis, and not even though that, he's forced to work night and day in that mine.
And yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists like the Teres of the Stranglers, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to take testimony of them and make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not in magazines . They're people, real people, like you and me, that deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I'm not thinking about these so many beautiful, battered people that I've had the great honor of meeting.
I hope these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force turns out a fire, and that fire sucks light on slavery, because without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do an app math, and there's a peculiar problem for who it does: we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the heck we do.
So today, I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We dislike the virtues of the ballet and the classroom dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demand a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial attitudes that can have a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like the evil of Parkinson's disease to gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend James School who, at his time, was a veryic ballet dancing.
In the last few years, it's been very progress in treatment.
However, there are 2.5 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable, smalleral, stiffness weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and accurate metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurological test of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do . It has never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose as not conventional form to try, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtual like my friend James School.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows somebody healthy as they're driving sounds at talking . We can imagine them as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes needed . The Facebook, for example.
And like the ballet, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about time that leads to a child learning how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom, you can see an example of service serioused from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
It shake vocal, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspire after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How are these testing based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both of them use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both of them are accurate . Okay, but also the existing tests are not specialized.
I mean, that they can be automatic.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
It's very minimal.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address.
We can reduce the logistics of patients.
You wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high-speed monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massively low-cost massive trials for clinical trials and, for the first time, facilitating particles on general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it's too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together and Pathley and Patrinites, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, or without Parkinson's, can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples on, say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who isn't?
What do you get from these samples?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have no disease . TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people cannot happen . They may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data by gathering in different circumstances, and doing that in different circumstances, because we're looking for food factors to look for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
PM: Much more than that.
In fact, my Thermo student, I have to advertising it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network also, which makes the project . Now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: No and nine . Well, it's a better improvement.
PM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Little, public.
PM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographic rotation in New York City.
We are flat creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the very thin models even more thin, the perfect skin even more perfect, we do the impossible, and we can be criticized in press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Shortly after, an organization where it was voluntary, there Haven Volvine, I was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Europe.
It's a small village of fishermen located in the presence of the Iraq of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The record of recorded water increases more than 24 feet tall and over three kilometers in the inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastating.
We got rid of the channels and the barriers.
We cleaned up schools . We took the mud, and we left the houses to be renewed and rehabilitation.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, absence, power of local factory.
We were excited and loved.
For weeks, both volunteers and neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
You'll pick them up and take them into different places of the people around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered.
While they're doing the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a town's evolved center.
He helped clean the communal bathrooms, huge bars.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the rating center picked photos.
And there they had them, and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I took myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some that had over a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that track and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night, I entered Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to perform the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too ruined, but where the water had declared the face of the child should fix with a lot of precision and depressed.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the stational photo.
At the time of time, they came for a lot more photos, and they needed more resistance, that's what I entered in Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later , 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we mobilized Rives, a neighboring village north of Kamoron.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that you've been talking about is a different story, it depends on the rise of photos.
It could be an hour . It could make weeks.
It could be months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand using the areas that the color and detail of the water hadn't destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in saltwater in saltwater, covered by bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of that together along the time of time, continue to destroy them, and that's why we would clean it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless he was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky at hand.
We tell the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to hurt even more pictures already.
As one time once said,``Oh, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in relationship to photos.
He had started to wipe her, but he stopped by realizing that the damage even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we could flap the images in a single picture and pick up the whole picture.
When I picked up your pictures, I share something about your story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble of a lot far away from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the unable to close the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the mermaid sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he gave her pictures his youngest son was 14.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to, something that he could remember from the past that he wouldn't have been made by that March day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them, hundreds of them helped us clean over 13,000 pictures, the vast majority -- the vast majority of them went back to their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us to get up to 90 hundred of photos of totally rescued and reproductive photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in picture of printers.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we're going to take, but the first thing we'd go back to.
This is what the project was about, to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is given to someone, it's supposed to be a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the constraints.
Some of them connected to something bigger, giving something bigger, using their talent for something that's not very thin models of perfect skin.
And I'd like to end up with this email, and I sent it the day that I came back from Japan after six months.
And as I was playing, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the little girl, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family, my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter newborn, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Dr. Education inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that draws an apple in an exhibition of just a million second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or to a billion, but at a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph: feminist, a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and I turn it up in a billion of a second, and it's, in several democratics, to create a photo package of just one millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens effectively at less than a nanotechnology is what takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't write this research . There's a lot of things in this movie; it's slowing up this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, comes into the bottle with a piece of photons that starts to fly, and inside, it starts to spread.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started to see these ripples.
Many of the photons eventually come to the top and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
In that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection at the top, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the thoughts are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it round the same distance, and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet.
And what about the dead nature?
You can see the waves that are coming from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, thought, from a ferment at a time, but of course our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll realize that, as light gets rid of the tomato, it goes bright . It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces inside, and it comes back after several trillion pounds.
In the future, when this leopard is in its mobile phones, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exhibition, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so I'll barely get some light.
We sent that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very tight sync, we take those gigabytes of data and wepered them wirelessly to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all those data into crude and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
If a new power of a superhero future would allow you to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door.
where we could extract those multiple light nets.
It's not science fiction . We've already built it.
On the left, it's our feedback.
Behind the wall, there's a handle and we'll restore light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like that fast, our disposal has unique capacities.
It has very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So, we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it's going on.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in gross, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll take them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's back to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build ways that you can see the inside of the body by holding optimism, and the same thing for the curves.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood, this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a request for scientists to start thinking about members as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of health imaging in the next generation.
So, as Doc Education, he himself had a scientist, he became the art science, an art of scary photographs.
And I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected every time is not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to do that.
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a little bit of a second.
But something fun also happens here.
If we look at the waves underneath the lid, these are closed from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved this image.
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes appear to the camera.
They apply the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, to climb up Southast and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 16-year-old guy in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to this moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people are looking for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered that they protest for a change, they had a mobile cell phone.
Who in the present have a mobile phone here?
Let's leave it.
They raise their mobile phones.
Let's read it . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
But today, I'm going to talk about me, of my mobile phone, and how I changed my life.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Battery data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . presented a directive.
The Department of Data.
This director says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in your phone company or your Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this database.
We want the self-assembly in the digital era, and we don't want phone phones and Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There was lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people coming out in the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, don't fear . ''
And some even said that this would be the basement 2.0.
The Stanley was the secret police of the East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, Desert Telecom, which was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please send me all the information that they had about me.
I was asked once, and I came back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you are protected my life . ''
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Dean Telecom said no, we don't give you this information.
In the end, we signed up an agreement.
I would give you the demand, and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court fails the undergraduate for the German law of the E.U . director.
So I got this ugly woman with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand lines of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeptical: What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I'm, where I'm at night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data retention means.
So, next to Keith Online and opinion Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom down, go back and forwards.
You can see every step that I give.
And you can see how I'm going from Francesca in train to colony, and how often I call in the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife, and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which hour they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and up to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Stanley had known who involved in this protest, and if the Stanley had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in contrast, neither of the Corner of iron.
Because today state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible within and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home and tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not in fashion.
When you go home, tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you have to store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you're serving to remember you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I'm called Maman Kaye and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor who brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, associated with the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so it takes all the time.
Look at it.
It's exhausting.
And Muhammad Al.
The E C is not genetics.
It's not confusing, it can't contract.
Nobody evil the uterus of my mother and I didn't touch it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me when I was born.
Now, I'll warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go on.
Christmas of Christmas, you're in the mall, driving in circles in search of parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the E C is just one of them.
If there was a officer of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from California, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't do . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can [unclear] doing it; dancing sing . ''
If my three older sisters clean, I clean.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents gave up to the school system and made sure that I was also, and if we didn't know all the ultimate note, we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five and put my feet on their feet and just walk.
Another technique I used was to put a dollar in front of me to perceive it.
The loneliness that takes it inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion that has received lots of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11 and the politicians would think appropriate to use``hate Muslims ,"as a campaign.
The people that I grew up with didn't have a problem with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot that died of hunger during the branch.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so I'll help you from dawn to attack is very easy.
He took in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, which is that I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a chip, so if my friends used heels, I'm also.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we become Madonna.
In the summer vacation, often my father was trying to heal, so I had a deer milk, I got warm cups on the back, I dive on the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and thought,``It works, it works! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I should say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga, I was a show of Stanford that I couldn't stand with [unclear].
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents came up with this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital TV.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the E.U . state of the state of Arizona, because I entered all of the oculus.
It was like the pet limit of theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the least smart tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a crystal scene, my teachers would cry.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the E.U . decided to make a piece called Babbage very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming the four wind,``At the end of a paper!
I have brain palsy!
At the end of the end!
Thank God, at the end, I'm free . ''
I didn't get the paper . They gave Sheikh Brown.
I went to be able to get to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask them why, and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, I can't do the character . ''
It was a paper that he literally was born and gave it to an actress without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a history of historical hearing, no disability for disabled roles.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first actor tour was like extra on a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a``roommate"to``better friend"in a sanctuary.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, I didn't see you more than the number, and it was obvious to me that repair directors didn't hire governmentent, not white actors, disability.
They only hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whole Goldberg, Robert Barney, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedians.
That's why I did humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comic comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comedy I took when I fell on a high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monolith of the Arab world.
I never like to replace the first place, but I know that you never hear that little woodened rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find very fun.
In 2003, my brother's brother and father, Dean Beijing, and I launched the Festival of the Adding comedy in New York, now in his 100 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of narratives in the media of communication, and at the same time remind us to the report directors that South and Arabic are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier to fight against the challenge of disability stigma.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went as invited to the cable news program on the wire with Keith Oliver.
I entered as if I went to a graduation dance, I got dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were live.
So I was going to go to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity and the insurgency . I knew they didn't get invited.
But not only Mr. Oliver came back to invite me, but I stayed as a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
A funny thing that I learned in the director with Keith Oliver was that people on the Internet are scum.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never forget about me or a girl or more.
All of a sudden, my Internet disability became observation.
I saw clips online with comments like,``Why fear? ''
\" Is it backwards? ''
And my favorite:``Poor Bible.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for her . ''
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my rsum: words, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in a wheelchair can't make Betty, then Beau can't make someone in a wheelchair.
Discourses are the -- yes, clapping, man . We go.
The disabled is the largest minority in the world, and the most underestimated people in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said not walking, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would foster less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Perhaps we still need all of society to teach our children well.
My journey travel has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet that was played by the divine of the Sunday Light television, and I put it Luria Born.
I arrived in a film with Adam Sandan and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthew.
And the world is going to go crazy.
I was determined in the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``Massives's Children ,"a charity to give children Palestinian refugees a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting in live, and I gave this talk to his memory.
Delivery in peace, dad.
I'm called Maman Kaye, and if I can, you can also.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a small town to South America.
This village is near Mogadishu.
drought leads to small people to poverty and the edge of starvation.
No anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mountans, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a city in the city on the outskirts of Mogadishu.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day, a gentleman is approaching a gentleman that offers him to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a dynamic group of people who give him a break.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, his family.
They present a young man.
They finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It's got a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, bursts a bomb car.
That child of that small village with the dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Shabaab, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a child in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him kindness?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start its future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call``waiting period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized, young urban urban urban people who are driving riots in Johannesburg, who are driving riots in London, which look for something beyond the``waiting period . ''
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of the terrorist period, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to pandemics, will be the history of cities 2.0.
And in my hometown of birth, Mogadishu , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, doesn't go to school.
They don't pretty much do anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Magic Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital attached to bullets thinking,``What if I'd never gone? ''
What if I had seen myself forced to be in that same``waiting period"?
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to alert a few juvenile leaders in a corporate grave.
He gathered about 90 Somali leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the great challenges that the city faces.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to Mexico University, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
You see the years of civil war have completely destroyed the viable system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
Adam saw an opportunity and leverage it.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started rent motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motorbikes, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against waiting period.
They sequenced young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking at so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Maria, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers to your wedding, we were using plastic, sent out of plastic.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a pump of paradise and floral design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mogadishu, and he started growing holes and limbs, who said, could survive the hard Mountain climate.
And it started the delivery of flags for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, he smell the proverbial laughter.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink, because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that might be an artist of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the greatest challenges that the city faced.
They would come up with business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a cultural spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas really.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put out of their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, broadcast the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It is to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace park, this is how he calls it, when he's created, transforming the way people see their city.
Adam hired children from the street to help rent and keep the motorbikes for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralysis of waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: you will become young people in entrepreneurs, go up and feed their inherent innovation, and have more stories about flowers and parks of the Peace that automatic and waiting periods.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to fit with my dad in the Apple Mountains, an open area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest.
The sun made the leaves shine like a vibrant, and it wouldn't be because of the path that we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to take that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a confinement in a view with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a trash, from about four feet square with policeture hearts of plce paper balls and old paleontologist.
And I was anti-controlled, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The fields that were too lazy to pull out what they had tried, who thought was going to clean their trash?
That question followed me, and it's a little bit simpler.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how to organize or where they put the``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, in reason from 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know as individuals.
I wanted to understand who makes that work.
What do you feel like using uniform and taking that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their routes and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get more.
So I started working like garbage collecting.
Now I'm not just traveling on the trucks . I drive them.
And it operates the mechanical movies and breaks the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you get used quickly.
It costs a lot of unity.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies would continue to get to the weight of taking over their tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Office of Laboratory Statistics, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous speakers in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and you're going into traffic all day, and you pass around you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of garbage.
When you get out of the room, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that trash is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a breathing or circulation form.
It has always been in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think that waste collection is the most important works on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protections.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient, effective ways every day, this starts to spread out of your containers and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to dance.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, I just signal its relationship.
And then there's what I call our daily speed, daily need.
And I mean simply at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we don't repair, we clean or take our cup of coffee, our barrier bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forgot them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple ways to think about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your work, I think, is almost a bit of a bit of a choice.
They're on the street every day in the street.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you would expect them.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us left ourselves from ourselves, of our own waste, our distances, and that flow has always been to keep one form or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the graph of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and dropped the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as he did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be right.
Let's be okay . ''
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection, and I went back to that man.
It's called Pale, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be right.
But in our efforts to recognize the way that we exist on this planet as a species, we should include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see to somebody whose work is to clean the trash of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment, where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other one in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center in Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, its appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penis by a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the old market that is this open-source structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge is presented to the site, which is located in a lot of the city growth, where a lot of the buildings we see in the image, they didn't exist.
And there's also two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, and it was using all the entries of the building.
And this spreads with an unusual atrium that creates a space to free air in the building that self-assembly, by its own form, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do we close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I began to think about a similar tissue to a potem shell with penetrats to allow the input of the air, and also from light, but in a filter way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the stations of the Ethiopian.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little trivial pieces that are the windows that let the air move and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is matched by these little crystals of colors that use the light inside the building in the building to illuminate building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a commercial center . It's not what we asked . ''
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall of the mall, because ultimately, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not just because of the material compared to glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy update to the building in a city where electricity was cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting photons on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think about the ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that created this urban oasis.
And these pieces on the roof, which are together collecting water for the sanitation of the interior.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest that I designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the measure, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was expand existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors that are interconnected with straight lines, and that measures the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's November, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So let's take a scheme that makes sure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density at the upper levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like replacing the community, the space of the building.
It's where every neighbor, they can go up and social, and do things like running a two-dimensional career in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment and they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had large amounts of hair very bright and a small story of pencils, cute . It was super strong for the capital capital, very good for urine.
I ended that year and I was full of jealousy, until I took my sinister plan.
One day I was a time after the school exit . I was a little late and I hid in the bathroom bathroom.
When the coast was bare, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took from the table of my teacher, the rating book.
And then I did.
I alter the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just like this.
All of them like that . And I was willing to bring the book into the box, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a frenzy, they run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put them all around and myself a row of this, just to be there, because I could ...
I was still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was completely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I was reminded by the reason that I was bothered by this little girl, so small, it was so good for urine.
I was intrigued.
They're so mysterious and so persuasive.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also the primates . The blue birds are very certain.
We know that the hairs are the number one cause of supportingies in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that makes the loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the laboratory in which you study the jealousy in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the infection, and it wouldn't be``Odysseus . ''
There would be no jealousy king, and it's not``A thousand and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
They disappear the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing``The Noise and the Furby ,"there would be no``Patient"and``Party ."We asked us from``Mad bombard"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Protection . I know it's fashionable to say that pro-voice has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost that it's got them.
This year , 100 years of his masterpiece,``In searching for lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy, and also from the ordinary competitiveness, mine, all we could have . And thinking about Project, we have the sensitive details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think about a heartbreaking mechanism in you of washing.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forgot what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Word said was as hard as cat trial.
I don't know what the cat wheat is, but let's assume it's super.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and Prospeet.
Would it be very obvious, like the jealousy, who reduces the person, their wish, to their impressions, are a very solid narrative base?
I don't know . I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel bad.
Being at the same time and the audience, we know exactly what details to include, to close the knife, right?
The jealousy ones do all amateurs, and that's something that Project understood.
All that she does to give me pleasure could give it pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And he starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Project says that every single one fresh that Simon detected in his lover, he adds him to his torture of torture instruments in his private camera.
And it's got to admit that Switzerland and Prospee were notoriously jealous.
You know, Professor's boyfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The jealousy are stores.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the hairs?
The balls are born from the information.
The jealousy uses the details.
The jealousy likes the big amounts of bright hair and nice, small amounts of pencils.
The balls are born from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . It's a little bit of the language that's going on with the acceleration of jealousy.
When Titan is in her agony of jealousy, he suddenly hears behind the doors and bribed the symbols of his lover, so they define those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is revolting, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Project is trying to prove that the jealousy looks intimacy and they make us seem absurd, but in their core, they're search of knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth . In fact, what it's like, the more painful the truth is, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes a range of feelings much deeper and more vital than a wise man who can be interested . ''
Is it telling us we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the balls reveal us.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there some other emotion reveals our warning, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look with such peculiar intensity?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very initial young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife was doing.
Well, she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, not realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much? Or accidentally, it's right with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the core of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the hairs do to look with intensity, but without precision.
In fact, the more we are, the more we are, the more we become a resident of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the jealousy is taking us to make violent or illegal acts.
The elites drive us to behave in completely inclusive ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years, I recognized it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman in Michigan of 52 years was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook, from the one that was sent by the visual messages, horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year, a year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend . I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration.
Because, we're realistic.
How huge, even though unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patrick Hopkins.
Harvard is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train"and``The Trade Mr Ricker ,"books that are trying to how the jealousy, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the kingdom of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punched in an instant.
Take Tom Ridley, his most famous character.
Tom Richard is going to want to want or want what you're going to take away from your self and to make you see what you ever had, and you're under the floor . You respond to your name, it takes your rings, you're empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rick's route.
I can't give you all the world, as much as you sometimes want.
It's a pity, because we live in envy times.
We live in pieces of jealousy.
I mean, we're good citizens of social media, where the currency is the envy? Right?
Do novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to the 225 of the Baker Street, and we asked Sherpain Holmes.
When people think about Huges, they think about the curse in the March Professor Morocco, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [to] inspire [to] England, the chief head of rate of Scott Yared who needs desperately desperately, needs the Goldene genius, but it was annoyed.
Oh, I'm so familiar.
And he wants to have his help, but he respected it, and bubble with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Anderson of The Six Natures ,"once Holland enters, shocked everyone with his solution, Ander goes back to Calais and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Hullin.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person at School Yared who didn't want to shake her hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollands in history . I think it's very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the bits like a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a million Moldes, it's on the opposite side of Los Angeles.
The next minute are the same side.
All of a sudden, I've suddenly allowed you to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the elites are really a geometry issue, just one question where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to keep you from the excellence of the other.
We can get up with it.
But I like content plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for us to make it.
Only the fiction disappears the jealousy.
The fiction used to have the domesticated, I invite them to the table.
And look at what I appreciate: the sweet Albert, the terrorism Tom Ridge, the crazy Shanthai, the same Maria Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11, and he was left on the Sea of the Seawater.
Armstrong and German were alone, but their presence in the light surface gray was the culmination of a consumer collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in peace time in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work at about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including the Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo program finally , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Now, a dozen walks on its surface, which Germany after the death of Armstrong last year is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't get a lot of back : 175 kilos of old rocks, and something that 24 will get after, a new sense of the smallness and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why moon?
Why turn it into our goal?
And they could also ask, why would you scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why would you fly on the Atlantic?
Why do I play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Ponder: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a Western victory on the East in the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was the most likely to move to the transcendence of the power of technology.
It was a great thing to do that.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the population was eradicated and smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Tutor in 1970 called``accidents . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing ship, but in 1969, Apollo 10 , 10 miles a hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 crew, and the optimism joy on the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that the problems that we imagine technology will solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the global population, seem to have intimacy.
I remember watching Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you didn't look at the calledate tube called the Japanese V rocket.
I knew that this would be the last line mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, it has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists would have been distracted, and they had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, applications and social networks, or algorithms that speed the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which trust that they've created less ambitious companies than the years to fund Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Geneva.
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty, in concrete, incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment is that the creation of ideas changed by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's going wrong at Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their sharp point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investments, tiny investments of those who could go out in 10 years.
The CO2 . They've always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term . They have never invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars to require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the world's energy consumption process from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biomaterial . Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biodener.
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policy and treat international treated development of the development of alternative energy: mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of price control of the coal.
But there is no hope in political climate today that we'll see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for a long time that hunger is a result of failure in food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affects the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes raise a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared cancer in 1971, but soon we found out that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we need to, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population should want to solve the problem; the institutions must be supported by the solution; it has to be really a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability for technology to solve big problems, meets with those criteria.
But it's a growth model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no balance competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who wound the hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start to remind you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche of our society.
I think they're three.
The first is a recording: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the receiver, the target, and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all,``Why do people think that trust has decreased? ''
And if I think about the base of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm inclined to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that might have increased others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the opinion surveys, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the polls of opinion over time, there's not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people that were discovered 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago is still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen on the street is almost exactly half of the road.
But is this enough evidence?
What the opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do I trust politicians? Do you trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you,``Do you trust the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the elementary teachers? ''
We probably started to ask,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you answer your question,``Well, I trust some, but not . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to demand trust differently.
We don't know that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, or functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain elementary teacher I know to give the kind of reading, but in no way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most local friend to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way trust is differentiated, why do we stop side all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real confidence, because they're trying to get the good judgment in the fact to trust something or in somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I pursue.
I'm going to aim to have more confidence in what's proven to trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a believer to don't trust what's not reliable.
And I think that those people who were defending their savings with the very appropriately called Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Trust defense or negative with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say that, it says, yes, it's worth, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it is about making a trial about how trustworthy people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competition in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they will overcome their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible, but extremely enthusiastic.
If it's, I haven't yet noticed.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before you trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
Over the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to one party, and he said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper that's going to be able to make the stick itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and the trustworthiness tests is actually doing the opposite.
What they're doing is difficult the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the midwives, excites that``spring the boxes ,"as we say.
You're sure all of you know similar examples.
All, all of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliable, and that things would be different if we're trying to be trusted and transmitted to the people that we are trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are trustworthy worthy.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, what doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things into the backwards.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, ultimately, is distinctive because we provide other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you've also got to be able to get a lot of material tests that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, really effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where my socks buy my socks say that I can get rid of them without giving explanation.
I take them and give the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing on is not something very hard to argue.
What people rely on is relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been hoping to reduce separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be thrown away.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there wasn't barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that is inside the digital space, so that when we squeeze it strong against the screen, it will transform its physical body to pixels.
Designers can motivate their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool, the barriers broke.
But the two hands still remain out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all of your hands?
In the division of microbial science of Microsoft, along with my mentor chaotic Cambridge Bobby, I had to redesign the computer and transform a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect fingers and face, now you can raise your hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and files have a location in real space, sequence is as easy as grab a book of a shelf.
You can fire the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we're increasing in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come into us?
So surely, many of us will have bought and put things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is an online province on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physicists so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future be like like this?
In the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Republican Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is shared as a 3D pixel in space, which means that as much as the computer and users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simple, what we did was we threw gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical cumulative and detectors.
And by programming the object, we released it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach a physically and distance, and the famous shot of Michael Jordan is able to reproduce as a physical reality the times we wanted.
Students can use it as tools to understand complicated concepts as the movement of planets, physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something, but it will start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without we have to get rid of our world.
We start talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hunt, China, in the 1970s . ''
When I was in the first degree, the government wanted to turn to a school for athletes with all the paid costs.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like they.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a close path to happiness: a safe and safe work.
No matter if the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from young people to learn the aliens, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the school director and the introduction of a radio program.
But no adults would love the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was already too much greater to train.
My dream will never be done.
I feared, that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing that might aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another vocation.
Nobody else wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember books.
[" Whole works"from Sacramento --``Lesters of the History"] [`` Lesson of History"] [`` Lesters of History"in 1995, and what were the first books I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
\" Good Earth ,"it's about Chinese competitive life.
And it's not a convenient propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honor your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this chamber of guilt confidence and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit.
I give a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I hadn't occurred to it, China didn't have to be at the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
The comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people [Benjamin Franklin"from Walter Microsof] [`` John Adams"by David McChagic who were involved in a same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Transition of Therent"Thomas Meris] [`` The Path of the taboo"Alan Watts instead of losing the translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means``intense joy ."Ha!
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and present.
I know not to feel alone or impossible never.
Having a broken dream really isn't compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a broken dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books that I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always follow them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy client.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came into the first session using jeans and a strengthant atom, threw on the couch of my office, took off the shoes and said I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a sign as a first client.
And I took a gentleman who wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought into the sessions, it made me easy only to move the head as we got to the solution.
\" The '30s are the new ones ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, it's home later, it has children later, until the death happens later.
For Allen like Alex, and I had a time of dreaming.
But soon after, my supervisor pushed me to press Alex to speak about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Of course, you're coming out with guys under your category, you lie with a broken head, but it's not like it's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``No yet, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best time to work in Alex's marriage is before it's married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 1990s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex's disease a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex's perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and her life love, but for the careers, the families and the future of views everywhere.
There are 50 million views in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody gets to adulthood without going before the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the veins here.
Oh yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with views, you love a cliff, you take your dream off a cliff, I want to see . It's okay . Incredible, the ventilationsols really matter.
This is not just my view . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments,``Aha!"that shape their life will have happened by when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't get in panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and they breed for adulthood, which means that if there's something you want to change yourself, it's now time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its own age at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their choices.
When we think about child development, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the ventures are listening to.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
journalists gave them ridiculous names to the sales like``Twitter"and``squares . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial, which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give you a penguin in your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and nothing happens absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart sales, interesting, interesting, like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this,``I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are for closing, and I still have nothing to show.
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then he starts to sound like this:``My quotes during the 1920s were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 30s, the music was applied, and everybody started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one to stay, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the ventures here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1990s, there's a huge pressure to the three and so many of you will start a career, pick a city, pick a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and a lot of stressful doing all of the time in the '30s.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Just realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give your son a brother.
Many groups and contents look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking about? ''
I want to change what the ventures are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he couldn't be able to decide, so I spent the last few years working as well.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even harder.
It was often crying in our sessions, but then it would get up to say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new release for directors, and I had spent the whole morning with his many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that followed the words``In case of emergency, please call it to...''
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to care if I give cancer? ''
At that point, I took a lot of work to resist and not say,``Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that was really worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit as the decade's decision was going ahead.
So, during the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all ofs penguins, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget that the identity crisis and get capital capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that add value to your person.
Do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Emma race, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that internal, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not slowing down the visible exploration, I'm wasting the exploration that shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's prioritized.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are underground.
The best friends are great to take the airport, but the views that are together with friends with similar minds are limited to who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's going to come out almost always comes from their nearest circle.
Now, new things come from what they're called faint shares of their friends's friends.
Yeah, half of the ventures have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak ties are the way to collapse this group.
Half of the creation works never published, then, knowing the chief of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a fan, Emma soon chose his family, when she has a partner and she formed his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit head than the 20 or even 25 and agree with you.
But I'll choose the person that you live on, or you're accused now when everyone in Facebook starts to walk towards the altar, it's not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you are at work.
Choice your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you choose them.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that conductor, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job offer gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, he loves his new family, and he sent me a letter that said,``Now the spaces of emergency contact are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with jeans.
It's very easy to help them.
The ventures are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which comes out somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight adjustments in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at the age of 21 or at 25, a good conversation, a good desert, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the vegetables that you know.
It's as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of saying to views like Emma every day: The troops are not the new 20, they are regulated their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak ties, choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky job in general consulting for a work that was even more picky: disappointment.
I went to teach you mathematics to seventh grade students in New York City schools.
And like any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I gave them tasks.
When work came back, they calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have I.Q . scores.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so good.
And that set me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, secure, are difficult: proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible, and it was really convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
It's the CIA, but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy ways?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the African Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what heads remain in military training and who will be withdrawn.
We went to the National Council of Detail, and we tried to predict what children will move as far as possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking ourselves what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those, who will be the most effective to improve the outcomes of their students learning?
We partnered with private companies, ask, what about these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature arose as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the CIA.
It was the determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future one reality.
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questionnaires, and then I waited about over a year to see who would be graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation, even when they put them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National National contest in which the determination matters . It's also in school, especially for children at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little that science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop determination in kids?
What should I do to teach kids a solid ethic ethic?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is, I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just don't continue with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the unintended determination is not related or even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Driver, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Drug has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech will end, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a suitcase, one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing the beauty, shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreigner, it seems as unthinkable as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and easier way.
A Chinese academic understands 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until she's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a previous way,``Album! I'm burning!"This symbol actually is original of the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a sentence in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so they believe many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person stretch their arms, this person is saying,``I was like that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, like Jesus inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
You put a mouth on the tree, that's a``idiot ."Easy to remember, because a posed tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
You put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, present.
Three together, those are flashes.
You put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . Appreciation.
A door . You put a table inside the door, it's the cerebral of the door.
They put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Touch, is there anybody at home?
This person is coming out hiding from a door, screaming, writing.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, having careful care.
So we've already spent for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical ones will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred hundred characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a fire of fire . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains piled on one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese emissions would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a output.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children; when my daughter was four, we saw the Oz magician together.
The movie dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glassy, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex industry of child fantasy.
However, the Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a little bit later years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a boy of metal, and a heavy boy rescued a girl dressed as an enemy of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence on the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think that if the Oz magician is done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the Olympic salvation as the prophecy predicted it.
They use magical shoes to defeat the computer-generated military army of the baby.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic, wise, even violent characters are women.
I started to notice this when I was doing Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
Only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survival had come down . So, he stood in the room, and he was impressed as a mom leg with his papers behind, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but, incidentally, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what I perceive.
Would you be value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you feel that Luke is one of a military to defeat the government?
We compare this with the OECD magician in 1939.
How do you win your film?
Make good eyes with everyone and be a leader.
It's the kind of world where I want my children to grow Oz, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much force F, force in the movies for our children, and so little on the yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how children react to this stimulus.
I know by experience that Lego princess doesn't provide the right framework that I'd been served to navigate the world of adults that are blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really hoped that the credit started to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies focus on beinged the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are many exceptions, and it will defend Disney's princess to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, the kids, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Herbie and Katie, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical, each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who have a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out brave.
I recommend all of you . It's available in shops.
Remember what the criticism said when courageous came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let it stop.
Well, almost none of these films is going on the Beltz test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There's still no roots, and it's already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Adam Bell is a comic comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, he recorded a conversation that he had had with a friend about the evaluation of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions you have to do: In the movie, there's more than a female character than having lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking about each other in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the guy that they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality, Archie.
Right? Office of Oscar, scary success, a sense of consensus of what is a Hollywood movie.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen the test of Beijing.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the crisis crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``Do you come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Okay . It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a bigger number than this one that's going to be disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says that it has been sexually assaulted ever in his life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual aggression.
Who are those guys? What are they learning?
What don't you learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we destroying that story?
You know, like a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as the power of power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask,``Do you have to ask yourself to be able to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power? ''
I mean, I think Netflix's list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean most of the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of masculinity is changing radically.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role that you care about the home and the avatar.
It's all changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what he responded?
Original.
Open Kenya and GPS.
What do they have in common these two?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories to tell my son,``Go and struggle only and more stories where you see that your job is joining a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people better and better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to looking for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the archaeology.
And finally when I started studying electronics, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of a mile from length next to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place located in the East East of Egypt called Beijerinck.
And the place, at the same view, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared, and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
Italy was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the old Egyptian art, the architecture and the religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, inflated within the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge wing plan.
This area is enormous, it's about six for 4.8 miles.
Before, the Nile flows right on the side of Italy, and as it changed over time, it moved into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a single city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it randomly, it would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA's theoretical data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more closely, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think could be the location of Italy.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing samples work; you can see here.
When I say samples, it's like sample shots in ice, but instead of layer of climate change, we seek human occupation layers.
Five meters below a thick thick layer, we found a dense layer of oil objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundreds of years that are given from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Italy.
We also find the jobs of fish -- corporate, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire, these are the rocks that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that's data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, it was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire, and I was probably written at Italy 4,000 years ago.
You're going to share knowledge is most of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984.
I made ideas happen really started in 1984, and a city in a city lost not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
So imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that I'm doing.
Now, I visualize a group of obese clusters in bicycles.
They're competing in a nuclear race of bicycles and they're going in direction to their gate door.
I need to see this really.
They're losing strong, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that pass on its side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places.
In the lobby, in the hallway, or whatever it is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . The light shining on the monster of the crackers.
He's holding her hands.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue fur making you tickle on the nose.
You can smell the cookie cookie, and it's about to get into the mouth.
They pass on the side and they train his living room.
Now in the room, and making use of its imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing``Hello I Baby One Mary Time . ''
Now give the kitchen.
The ground has been collected with a path of yellow brick, and from the oven come to you Derekes, the man in Tasmanian, the Spanish and the lion of``The Wizard of Oz ,"theye grab your hands, jump into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that's taken every spring in New York City.
It's called the United States Media championships.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise supply.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at one time.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a ship deck.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people must be nature's phenomena.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one, it's a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the most trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realize you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've trained to perform these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, invented by 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Cicero used to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How do you haven't heard of this before? ''
We were standing out of the room of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, even though a little bit extra, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
You know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears, how to memorize order in a living ship bar, in national television.
That will try to the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Britney Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
So do you have to start for something not? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year, not only to train my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why it doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EDI.
He's amazing, very likely to be the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed us to see to what extent our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peter . He was based on the role of Disney Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized guard guides; it was centerly.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctic and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, discipline and cultured was not as rare as you can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds freely.
These techniques have done our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've been culturally changed, and I would say that we have also changed cognitively.
As we already don't have need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and cultured is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the College College of London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
Would you want to know: Do you have brains in some way, structural or hugely different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There were yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with which to compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and snowflakes . They found that in memory champions, parts of the brain were lit, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The competition of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors have to put the day.
This is my friend Ben Princeton, three times champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 deserts of destined spacecraft that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented, and he just mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,000 random binary digits.
I know.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end, they're reduced to a single concept that psychologists call``electrical coding . ''
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known like the Baltimore paradox . [Darful] says the following: I tell two people who remember the same word . I'm telling you .``Remember there's a man named Baker . ''
That's his shame.
And then I ask them,``Remember, there's a ball.
And when I go back later, and I ask you,``Remember that word I told you about a while ago? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that their work is ball.
Same word, different capacity to remember, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that they dance for their head.
But the word,``ball"-- we know pandemics.
They use simple white hats.
They have flour in their hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we were to hear that word for the first time, we started putting a lot of partnerships in the face to perceive them happily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is 250 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the palace of memory.
The story says this: There was a poet called Sympholes that attended a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you don't bring a DJ, you hire a poet.
He stood up, he picks his memory poem, and he got sick, and so soon he went, the bank room collapsed.
They killed everyone.
But not only killed them all, but they destroyed the bodies, let's leave it.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simple, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed my eyes, and realized that with the eyes of his mind, he could see where he'd been sitting every single invitation.
And I took the family's family to the hand where their loved ones were left between the rubble.
What Smith warned at that moment is something that we all know about, we all know about intuitively, and that is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and specialized space.
If I asked you to recover the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about simplicity, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I'm going to bet that if I asked you to say who I was sitting on the horse paradigm, you would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the palace of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and to fold it from images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, crazy, funny, elusive, absurdment is the image, more inclusive.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to TED stage to give a talk and want to make memory, the same way that Cicero would have done if you had invited it to TED 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And I'll come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely invasive competition.
And then you can imagine going back to your house, and you can see the Gulf of the crackers lie on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they enter the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they spoke would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not a word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical per typical.
In fact the term``typical"comes from the Greek``touches ,"which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people thought about the practice and the rhetoric with this kind of space of space.
The phrase``first ,"it would be like the first place in your memory palace.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got full of that.
I went to some of these memory competition and had the idea of writing something extensive about this competitives of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a patriarchal event.
So seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking tests, I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is being massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try and put it back.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school advert bought in a flea market.
And I discovered that this was entirely entertaining.
You'd never expect it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's actually about doing is to make more and more better improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, provocative, inspiration, absurd and obscure, in the eye of mind.
I was quite hooked with this.
This is me, using my training standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could get into, in a sort of participatory period experiment.
I thought this could be a good thing for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that you're going to be able to build memory sticks or memorize ship deck, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it's an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us happen.
They force a kind of deep processing, a whole kind of complete attention that most of us don't have to exercise around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things do memorable.
And if there's something I want to leave you today, it's what Lucy, the email that I couldn't even remember I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what our short existence is to lose in the Blackberries or iPhones, don't pay attention to the human being in front of us, who walks to our side . Are we so shooting that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned firsthand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remembering.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll take just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N Jersey, I was six years old and I lived there at my parents' house in a village called Liberia, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, among my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there everybody would spend the time looking at the telly . So every time I went from my room to bathroom, everyone looked at me, and every time I told me and I came back into a towel, everyone looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was clumsy, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no division of zones, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places that we do.
And it's not surprising that we sit like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
I mean , 90 percent of the time is surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you're doing: you think of power,``statistics"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it that way by based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a disability that architects use to create emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we used it to build houses.
Look, these stable supporters, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build, the organizers and governments, always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they're going to work.
So we found ourselves buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Living that ended in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it's got a dome; it has this round, color, red thing, which let me understand what Liberia tries to communicate with this building: children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was completed, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries, are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that are constantly driving new technologies, new telescopes, new solutions for the current forms of life.
We push, we push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All black, this is depressed . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and go back to connect with those symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like translations, so we start experimenting again; we make the pendulum back forward, over and over again . So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called``bits . ''
It's got to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in slippery scale.
Something really hard.
So, we zoom at 80, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that they like and the updated.
We add net and we add pictures and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't do abuse.
We take Christmas arms, and we turn them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval castle made of glass.
The shapes were served, they win in audacity and colorful.
The ones became columns.
States grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were 80, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
It's probably a panel of bread sticks.
This is what happens to the cliff.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated and we start making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s, and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the critical denominator.
We downloaded the historical symbols, now we have new design techniques on the computer, and we find ourselves with new compositions, some ways that are structured against other forms.
This is academic and drunk, and it's super impossible; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the pendulum is going to be able to go back into opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building is sent.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gordon said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times newspaper this building of miracles.
The tourism in Bilbao increases in a 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everyone wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media will get around them and quickly learn that those forms meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new millennium happened with other stars.
He went to Kabul and to Libeskind, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all architecture . digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology agreed . You can see in the newspapers, in the telly, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is being transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a lot of time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before you know if the one I designed four was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find ourselves with buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
So for 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen . I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete, the steel or the elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the media pendulum to the media, it starts to organize each time faster, until you're going to be in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it's effectively confident the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, from something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was burned.
This is the center of a village called Pinksands on Fire Island in the state of New York.
It's a vacation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was completed, it was already part of the community, and as drawings looked exactly the end product, there was no surprises.
The building came back to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared in social media, the building stopped being a building, became a communication medium, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes curiosity with collective memory, and by cutting these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Liberia librarians.
If that building was built today, we first went to the Internet, looking for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
Impacts that can lead to the mayor of Liberia, the people in Linda, and tell them that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and you're not a desktop audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't let you get involved by architecture.
That means that the Mexican pendulum of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems that society face.
This is the end of architecture history, and it means that the buildings tomorrow will be very different from the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seattle can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we'll finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings add to nature's warms and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even one can marry in the night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the united community around that cause, no longer a customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little baby pavilion, as abused and fiber as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make buildings more ecological, smarter and more friendly.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
You find an architect, you find it, and we work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces, the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And it makes it that great, typical one of a year's children, transparent, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally gorgeous.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loved his reflection.
It's laughing and squeaks, and it gives itself those big, moist kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mom tells me I used to do it, and he made me think,``When do I stop doing this? ''
How is it that suddenly we're not in taste with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is Facebook, he's 13 and he lives in Denver.
And like any teenager, it just wants to be dear and fit.
It's Sunday overnight.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It's got a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time that he's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Between what his mom says and what his friends, or colleagues of school say, doesn't know who to believe.
So he does a video of herself, he published it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment,``Am I nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, so far, Faiza has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, which gets these answers to one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it taking to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under the pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving me``I like ,"you know, sharing, publishing, this is never finished.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said,``It's like there's a party in your fourth every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implemented.
This environment, of being always connected, is adding our children to supply based on the number of``I like"that they have and the comments that they get.
There's no division between life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is manipulated digitally.
What is the most prominent thing in someone's life in someone's life to what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cut from the news of the girls.
The zero table models continue to dominate our pills.
The technique of the elevator is now a routine.
And trends like,``Theodoor, Therefrmity ,"buttonsin and protected.
For those of you who did it, I mean, it means protecting.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarket stars of sports, and the singers break.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow healthy and well-being individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as a contributor to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They're trying to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending class at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you're going to look good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't care about that.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's regardless of what these young people actually looked at.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem about your body is depositing academic performance.
And it's also delivering health.
Teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more non-lethal diets that can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol of alcohol and drugs, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and authoritarian damage.
The search of the perfect body is pressure to the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they're going to be overweight, regardless of whether they have or they don't have any more abstraction rates.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe as they look.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity would be?
To release this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first one is that we have to get trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, started the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children continue not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is family influence, friends and relationships.
These six things are crucial points for anybody willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
One education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us to take the lies in the subject and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
It challenges the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the apartheid of our politicians in hair or the size of their breasts, or to understand that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not as they look.
All of us can start doing it by making responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you'd kiss a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow value all their own person, value individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pedestal.
By making a difference in the real world, let's make them be those who go out in the big screen because we're just going to create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they're never going to be able to see the rules of being who are, or to reach out what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who they have in mind?
Your wife?
Your sister?
Your daughter?
Her niece? Is your friend?
It might be simply the woman who's two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was liberated from that self-design voice inside, which was attacked by not having long legs, more thin, a more flat belly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her, if we were looking at this, and would we say laughing to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is catching us all.
But we teach our children the truth.
We understand that the way you see it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and for what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in the rsums of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we speak and compare us with other people.
And we worked together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small tragedies of an age of age today will become safe change agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Ellion Now entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Meme Karanhum, the leader of Defense Dublin League.
Now, we initially declared it, but it was prisoner for other minor charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks at about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the U.S. headquarters.
Luckily those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't avoid.
And later, I would be convicted of his participation in that attack.
Elliott Northulh is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, as he was an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, primary school teacher, between the two made all the possible childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started changing.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most of the Muslims, come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to desire the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there's always a little fraction of people who are going to be so closely approaching their convictions that think that we have to use all of the possible media so that everyone lived like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends have been going to shot training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I was going with him the next day.
We got to the Cuban shooter cop that, without knowing our group, was monitoring by the FBI.
When I took up, my father helped me holding the rifle in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the target at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet that shot I gave little orange light on the target, and, to surprise all of us, especially, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle turned into others, and in Arabic, he said,``Be abuse . ''
From such a parent, such a child.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a carry with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking parking parking tower of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and went to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them``bitter ,"which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had been moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to make a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone, it was time to push and come to another city.
As I was always me, the new face of the class was often victim.
I conservative secret my identity to avoid being white, but it will be the new one of the class, silent and regular, it was enough ammunition.
So most of the time, it was going home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, to grow up under floors, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they had to test my thinking was during presidential elections in 2000.
In a prototype program in which I participated at the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been victim with almost all my life, it was something that I felt so much passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had done friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to the light this detail, and I realized that there was no animations between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and frankly I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe it was unnecessary.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
All life was taught that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all of the homosexuals were bad influences.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most frustrating and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been bullied by child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat people friendly, exactly the way I'd wish to be treated.
And so I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that is to be homosexual, but I know what is being judged for something beyond my control.
Then he came the Daily Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, has nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my father figure at a moment when I was desperately needed.
Sometimes inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremist, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she said something to conserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless partners and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that point I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside.
My real name isn't Japan English.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that somebody, someday, who are trying to bring violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better path, which even though I was trained to this violent and intelligent ideology, I didn't get to make you fantasy.
Instead, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, and for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism speaking, against those meaningless acts, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple, I'm exposed here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that's projected in your minds.
It's an amazing multi-point film.
It's in 3D, and it has energy sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film is arrow, taste and texture.
Be your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projecting into your eyes.
And it has constantly an overlap voice in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the film are you who experienced everything in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why aren't we just robots that we're providing to produce results without experiencing the internal film?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate awareness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, you predict that vision.
psychology studied beneficial behavior, neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After , 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania, said,``It's the moment for science to take awareness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kancet presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they're correlated with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't tackle the real mystery of this matter: Why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective movie movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, give me a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like developers, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emerging is all cases of emergent behaviors, how the empathics operate, how hurricanes work, how hurricanes work, how the hurricanes work, they adapt and metabolizing living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we talk, how we're playing chess; all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, it's the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of self-expression that works . For a long time, I'm hitting my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great . We used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, and I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do is explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors, and so you study everything that needs to be explained.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time that I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they consider fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is stuck.
In the 19th century, Maxwell discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton laws, so you put the basic laws of the electromagnetism, and you put electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those government laws.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you cannot explain consciousness in terms of fundamental prettyr, space, time, mass, charge, then for logic matter, you have to grab the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to manage it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want very simple fundamental laws that we can serve them in a memory.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can stand them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called pandemic:``bread ,"by all,``psychiatrist"for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes in Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or you think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anybody think something so crazy?
This is part of the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illogical, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with the physical process, is to fix consciousness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, as a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
A very exciting thing is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and development that's right with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called the piano, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I suppose that you have to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of gold, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there's an average degree of information integration, equally significant, very important degrees of consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of the dog will say.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In tobacco theory, there will still be a level of different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degrees of point, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that we can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies us underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explained,``Where does the fire of equations come from? ''
From the pan-African vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts him fire in equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the pan-African vision, has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and can have social consequences and fairly serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a psychiatrist and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, it's not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the movie``Hey"?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of earlier information, she has a complicated, integrated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you're asking quite serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethic ethic.
Finally, you can ask for the full collective consciousness, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk . Right now, we have a conscious TED conscience, an internal film for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this pandemic vision is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't expect to solve it overnight.
But I think eventually we're going to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe only we need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low school profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I would fight my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to join for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's pretty nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes . After school, I had a low profile in my mother's hair, and I spent a lot of time looking at the``Buddha Story"series and``Japanese's Creek . ''
Yeah, I know what a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes on the class 11 of the legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What speech? ''
Well, I had been talking about the law of discrimination for a good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivated speech.
When people in wheelchair, talk about institutional things at school? ''
\" Usually, in the classroom . ''
And that's when I realized,``This kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as objects of inspiration.
And we're not . And it's not blame of the guy, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our machines.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting for them to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid I'm very excited about it.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied to disability.
Yes, you've been selling the lie that disability is something Mali, Mary, Mahaese.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make it remarkable.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invisible ."In effect.
Or this one:``Before leaving, introduced! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with orthopedic legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term, deliberately, because they have a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we're aware of the disabled disabled of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad, my life could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of the number of times that you've got me weird to express that you think I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name, and this is to make.
These images, those images are connected to people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
So we knew some things.
But the things that we've learned are not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"and deliberately because I'm scared by the social model of disability, that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
I do the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of their ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those photos as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to pick up in the way we do that, by sharing those images?
When people tell us,``You're a source of inspiration ,"he says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because you've sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what they're thinking.
I'm here drunk inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Stephen, are you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
I learned from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learned that it's a great idea to use some barbecue points to collect the things that you fall down to, and I learned the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that's remarkable and consumed us.
And I really believe that that lie that you've sold about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that it's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a stairs of stairs has never done that it becomes a ramp.
Never . smiling for a television screen won't make the subtitles appear for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore, and they radiate a positive attitude by turning all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in her bedroom, watching``Buddha Thereormity"is not considered not to deserve anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old child in a high school in Melbourne is not a bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
disability doesn't make us remarkable, but question what you think you know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a nearby galaxy?
Unfortunately, I just answer one of those questions, so, please don't get down.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about``Minority Report"and Tom Cruise is holding hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing: Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see.
It will allow you to experience what is being a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what's running through the game of play to 160 miles, blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 100 pound man is chasing us, trying to decode it with everything.
I've been there, and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass is to use under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practice, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine coming to the surface . But we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Klion: Come on.
It's horrible to be a tap.
A moment . Let's zoom up a little bit.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Kleiber: As you can see, it's a probability of what is being captured in the football field, from the patient's perspective.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, collection of Washington University.
Fierce Mountain : 55 mice! River 54!
Blue 8, Blue 8! Go!
Chris Kleiber: This is a little bit more to the feeling of the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter:``You can see from the angle of a field of a field.
Or a corridor?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Goliath and Google Glass, how do we get full of it? How do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called October Rift, which surely many of you know.
The Richard Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap words.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh!
No, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh my God! Ah!
CC: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video from Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a priest with the arm before I ran and doing an association? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be Merre running through the court, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network, or December doing a package in Burma?
What will its experience be when it comes from a mountain to over 100 miles like a Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not even augmented.
It's just virtual reality, IBM.
How do we achieve augmented reality, RNA?
We'll reach the augmented reality when the coaches, the metals and the owners look at what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief review about technology in the NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore Portlands put a wrist to their field of field to play faster.
They won Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL puts radio in the fields of the fields of field and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine that they're a player coming back to their group, and you see their next player showing you in front of you, in a plastic view that you're wearing . You don't have to worry about forgetting a play.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of strategic strategies.
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the helmet sensors and accidents, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
The bad will have information overload.
This makes good teams of bad teams.
So, your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It's also for sports . Who would have imagined it?
What would it be like in the field?
Imagine you're the field of field.
You get the ball and you go back.
You're looking for an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left side of your view will warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack . Usually, you wouldn't see it, but the RNA system gives you.
They move into the protected area.
Another flashlight gives you that there's an open receptor.
You toss the ball, but you're going to stop you.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, but the receiver sees in its view, an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It's appropriate, you grab the ball, run and encourage.
The public and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the party.
It will make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too cost-effective to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for the sports league.
It generated billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology worth for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abalone how harmful are their actions from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives to be pursued?
How much is it worth for a Harvard Harvard or a Neil December Titan trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of tropical notes and Kazakhstan?
Ladies and gentlemen, augmented reality is approaching.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as usual, of us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service in the Hall Particle of California.
So, most of those 23 years, I spent the southern extreme South County County, including the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiration is architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Stevens, a chief engineer who was unable to build the bridge, he said,``The bridge is practically to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that travel between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has idealized as such, such that each of you from him releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go underneath cleaning your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a free fall of four to five seconds, the body cuts against the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which put vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
Those of you who don't, normally they stand in the defenseless water, and then they drowned.
I don't think those who control this method of suicide will realize the death machine that they face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel.
This is where most people are left before they take life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in your darkest moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to a official officer his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide, but the officers also.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials.
This is Jason Gambani.
I met it on July 22 last year to receive a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the center near the center.
I responded, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before here two times before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour, talking to Jason, we asked if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Zebrer created Pandora, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
Out of it came out plastic, peaks, and all kinds of walls against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
And he stopped some instant, leaned on the right, and it went.
This kind of smart and smart guy in New Jersey had just taken out of life.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
Superconductor chains of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved suicide?
What would you say?
You know?
In my experience, you don't just have to speak, but you need to listen.
Listen to me to understand.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to cope them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Other people in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, have you had these thoughts? ''
Conflict the person in front can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to get better; implementation, believe that there's nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he's with his permission and blessing that he read.
\" Hello, Kevin . I guess you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience being there.
I'm thinking that I should go to foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite numb, but I'm going to don't really realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving out of Peter to San Francisco to see the '40s with his father on January 19th.
I never got there.
I called the police police, and I reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A witnesses had seen him jump from the bridge at 1.3 in the afternoon of the previous day.
Thank you so much for struggling for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been bad without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
The LHC, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victor . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, he responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk of the northern tower.
I drove my motorcycle through the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Berkeleyabs, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed immediately the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next half and a half, I heard Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give the life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did it make it come back and give you hope and life another opportunity? ''
And do you know what he told me?
He said,``You hear me.
You let me talk and just listen to you . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Mr. Brilliant, nothing erase the events of March 11th, and you're one of the reasons that Kevin goes on with us.
And honestly, I think Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all those inherited traits, but, thanks to God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as it says.
We give God for you.
You're in debt with you, nerve Bererid . ''
And at the end, she wrote,``Peace . When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you're filminged as the patient.
\" I know I had to solve it! ''
Today, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story inspire others.
Success is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, stole the opportunity to meet it.
This is what suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about beating another person.
They just want their own pain to come up.
Typically, this is just about three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
In the end, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped.
Awful, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to focus on that bridge is not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and living, and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one of these people have said that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only connected Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should strive to do.
Success can prevent.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you know what you're not, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question makes you: How do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since a girl.
My outside end with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm talking later, when I look at this picture, I think,``Give this picture, George, you get it . ''
But the October past, I discovered that I'm just starting.
We all get together our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the courage to release, to get rid of the limitations of the skin of skin or by the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who always defy the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, even ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was registered as``child"by birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that shirt on your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew what I knew then.
Gender has always considered an unchanging fact, but now we know that it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it's going to be what I'm being bad, but how the world deals with those of us who want to release.
Every day thank you to be a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, the daughter's goddess.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was standing on front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I'd like to be.
And when I was 15, when I was still dressed by man, I met this woman called Tuby.
It's the principal of a transportationed competition.
That night, she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in the beauty competition? ''
He told me that if she was involved, she would get out of instructions and costume, and that night, he won in the bathroom suit, he won in rubber suit, and he was a third foundation between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty meetings.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of beauty of beauty of women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the unemployed, especially when we were traveling to the remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then two weeks later, I called me and said,``You know that if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the gender identity? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that he was two and my name.
She also stuck me when I was offered in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they perform the most prestigious, sophisticated and safe surgeries.
At that time, in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we changed the name and gender.
So, in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of George and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity document means power or can be able to get a deal, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimize.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of home Story Nets.
A young woman in New York who basically lived his truth, but that, unfortunately, he put her life out.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our rates of suicide are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 November November we do a global vigil by the Daniel Romantic Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Maria P. Johnson and Sylvia Riverside.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing, so that someday there's no longer been more than November 20.
My deepest truth took me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure . You see, first, thank you with all my blessings.
In my support network, my parents especially, to my family, which itself is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've brought young women together, which I've tried, and sometimes, when I was called and told that their parents couldn't accept . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we're all assigned to a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that doesn't block, and that there should be a space that will allow us to self-assemble, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transportation movement is beginning compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
evil started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were made in 2011, when their efforts were transported in 2011, he became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a girl, your birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes, gives his conditionsular to mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother was very overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he was shocked, and, with the hope of a child, when he rains his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffers, but the daughter . The daughter was born, when he grows, he suffers as well.
At the age of five, when you should go to school, you stay home and school attached to your brothers.
At the age of 12, somehow, it has a good life.
You can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when I go into adolescence, when I was 13 years old, I'm glad to come out of his house without a male accompanied.
He's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person anymore.
It becomes the honor of his father's honor and his brothers and his family, and if you translate the code of that honor of honor, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor, not only affects the life of a girl, is also affecting the life of male members of family.
So this brother, they sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's one more norm of patriarchal societies called obedience.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very pressing.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl should be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accepted the decisions of their father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if he doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you married it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a store.
If the young marriage, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, you call it assia.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet,``The married, we eat it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
Dear brothers and sisters, when evil was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaria from Machue, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line from my name, and I wrote,``Damn . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I was in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention the adoption of a child in a school?
Yeah, I must mention.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in America, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
In a school, it means the recognition of his identity and his name.
An admissions to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when they were covering the control of Canadian life, and was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the dawn of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the wisdom of my daughter.
The encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage it to go with different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've been struck all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emancipation.
I teach my daughters, I taught students to forget the lesson of obesity.
He taught students to forget the lesson of the lesson of the secrete.
We wanted brothers and sisters, we fought the more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It's called thered traces.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the girls left and the singers killed.
They suffer millions, but few of them were talking, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and join when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Maldives lifted up and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentaries, and he spoke on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread like a call around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate his campaign and the nine October of October 2012, they shot him in the head.
It was a dancing day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was depressed between life and death, he whispered my ear to my wife,``Should I blame you for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And he meant,``Please don't blame me . ''
Defended the cause.
You put your life in play by the cause of truth, for peace cause, and by the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and you join it.
Both of them were on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words would mean a lot for me, and I didn't ask myself again.
When Mali was in the hospital, and he had severe pains and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was extended by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my smile, and with the excitement in my face.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and it was considered us.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his homework.
He fought his siblings, and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me,``What's special in my tutor that has been so bold to evil, so brave, expressive and celebrity? ''
I say, you don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
I don't cut your wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I went out of the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering engineering.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Mound group of Google, where I've had a donation to my charge -- the visualization of Google X, but all the work that I'm going to talk about today about brain science, I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you hold a brain operation.
Are you still like intelligent or not?
If not that, can you be smart?
After the neurosurgery, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix mixing, and trying to get them, to continue with life.
More than once I've been saved.
But luckily, I have an experiment soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because there's really no matter that I'm going to say it in a flash.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my autism, my sense of who I was, my thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried for dose and typical chemicals for a man of Achilles, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always raging, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and -- -- of course, many times in the past, I've met several types like this, or maybe some of the advantage versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a little insecure, fixing a problem that I had in front of, and just doesn't happen.
So, I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go . Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, and when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to? Testing new ideas and recreate situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
philosophers like smoke, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now, there are people who questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention.
So, after several years, I managed to find the point right, and I have lots of great mental marriage, really vivid, good sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images right from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what to happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination just to steer the world that you have on the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There's incredible possibilities with this, as the way that the creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two strangersus groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by Glenn Gates and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual as you imagine, looking at that same image.
The column on the right was created by the contents of the central column of the left column, and you see that the difference is almost zero-sum.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same image is almost zero-sum.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is from the lab of Jack Galapagos in Berkeley, California.
They were able to convert brain waves into the recognized visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a great brain reactions in video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while so much they recorded a new scan.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scanning scan to show what seemed like the person was watching.
On the right you can see the details of the computer, and on the left, the video that's shown you.
So this let us bag.
We're okay near it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same map.
This was led to the brain scanning systems of the most available resolution today, and its resolution increases like a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How did we get it?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer for that.
Many of them are proposing new protection techniques for images, even me . Tell the recent result of MRI, first we have to ask ourselves the following, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, more grain magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, let's make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spiral.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in revenue of resourceful and brilliant solutions in coding and decoration, in the transmission and frequency receptors of FM radio in the MRI systems.
Instead of a unified magnetic field, we used structural magnetic patterns plunged to the French radio frequencies.
So, by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the processing processing process of FM radio, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan.
Also, we can then split our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not only the blood fluid fluid, but the hormones and astronomers that I mentioned, and maybe even direct neural activity . This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go above language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have few choices more than opening this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it would take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have closet.
Their closet is probably telling some person for the first time you love it or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you've ever gone through in life.
All closet is a hard conversation, and even though our topics can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and have come out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the South Side Side Catay, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the light military, I wouldn't break my armpits, I'll quote the L.A. di French's letters like a litany.
And I'm going to be aware of the knife of my short pants, and I'd shave my head recently, and I was asking a little kid,``Hey, are you a kid or girl? ''
And there's an awkward silence on the table.
I'm going to squeeze my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rage of rage.
The father would immediately hurt the newspaper and mother launched a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and drinking inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was ready and I was about to get full of the female affairs on the table . I had the quotes of Betty Friedman.
Gloria Steinem quotes.
Even a snippet of``Vagina Monologues"to show.
And then I went back, and I went down the look and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist hurts, just a child with a question:``Are you a kid or girl? ''
And then I was breathing again, and I stood up close near it, and I said,``Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pyramid.
Well, I'm more than a girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a picture, please? ''
And that's it . Just``Ah, OK, you're a girl.
What about the picture I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the screen and me, both of them, were honest with one another.
As many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be an arch.
But within the dark, you can't know what color is.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than yours or yours or yours.
So surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why I'm going to get out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of your closet, but this is the issue: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell someone who have been declared in a broken bank, is harder than saying it's been fooled?
Who can tell you that this story that I mean is harder than saying to your five-year-old that you're going to divorce?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop changing what's hard to do with what's hard for someone else to make them feel better or worse in relation to our arms, and we need to only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make sense, or at least more security than the other side of the door offers.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, which had a horse tail, a dress and high heel shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian that was prepared to fight any of four years to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, altered in a corner of my dark closet, pushing my gay farm, and the moving only one muscle is the most scary thing I ever ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life, trying to not disappoint, and now the world would turn around.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't toss that grain, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grain launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the people invited you knew that it was gay, and when I do my honor ladies, in my black dress and heels, I walked around the tables, and I finally got to one where the friends of my parents were, people who knew me.
And after I talk a moment, one of the women screamed,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started.
\" Huh, would you ever be in the Caspian? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous . ''
\" Asia, do you know my Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
\" Assan, what is your favorite TV show?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in waiting for me to desperately show her support, to make me know that I was on my side, he finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, like you have all the grain launchers.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt memorized.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were setting up.
And what else can you ask someone, but to work?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations remain without being my strong point.
Ask anybody to go out.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago of the Galapagos.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what means coming out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . You're yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just thank you . So, you know your patches.
If you know it's gay, you know.
If you say to your parents who might be gay, they will maintain the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and most important -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You know, you're not sorry for that.
And some of them can go out safe wounded, dissolve for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will be disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark closet, you have a grenade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote by Professor Limbaive, that,``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Scholar Limbaiven wrote this, he did it as a critique to computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so, a few years ago, I put a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back to a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're an alien race, that they don't know anything about the biology of the Earth, no neuroscience of the Earth, and they have incredible telescopes, and they can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that doesn't have any concept on Earth intelligence, you're forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, until a certain time in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet, they're just stopped.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, which show, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be funded for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, I'll take all these different issues and put them together, ask, for a number of years: Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E = C for the intelligence that I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F, which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or to maintain open choices, with a T force, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future time, such.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be caught.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask,``What can you do with this? ''
How much predictions is it?
Does the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more disabilities, or``entropy ,"during their life should be trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that connection cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize long-term entropy production in any system that is inside.
Amazingly, entropy could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money to trade actions, all of that without being prevented to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a hunting human foot without falling, here we see Enrolleh actually acting a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave an Entrepreneur.
He just decided for his balance to balance the pole.
This balance ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This tool use capacity will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, like some other animals can cooperate the opposite of opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can do a model of the model of that task.
This cooperation capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entrepreneurial is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting itself, illuminating its potential for the game.
Here we see Enrolleh organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network well connected.
This same network supply capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Enrolleh organizing the routes of a ship block, discovering with success and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discovering and executed a stress strategy, sold in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under its exponentially management.
This risk management ability will have wide applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Alzheimer: What you've seen is that a variety of aspects of smart cognitive human behaviors like the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the work``MRI ,"there was always the concept that if you develop intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
Machines get up against us.
One of the biggest implications of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become intelligent, and then they're moving and they try to get them out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, rather than being the return.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of objective.
And I often ask myself,``How do you look for goals from this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to help us build artificial intelligence, or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conference of stars and losing the planet that we call``home . ''
Even though, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe.
The NASA mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which is that the Earth is just one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler showing the sizes of planets besides the distance that there is between them and their mother star.
In ensemble, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also how much light they get from their suns.
Now, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is losing under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the highest registered.
Male ice and ice ice that has been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
I study the satellite of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the environmental sector.
Now, as someone really interested in life search in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets I look for the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the planet just discovered and the planets we know better: the ones in our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rich, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study both Mars.
Our turn like the``Curiosity"tracking its surface in looking for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Man mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks.
private companies now offer not only short space flights, but also the temptation that's possible to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Martian images remind us to deserts on our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the veryoperial and pioneer ideas, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the unintended areas of our planet that still remain about colonized, places really exuberant compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and highest places of the Earth, air is fresh, and it requires oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars, and other planets are going to get a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some of Mars that Mars will wait there to save us from this endless authoritarian of the only planet that we know is truly livable, the Earth.
For a lot of me, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the Titanic will tell us that the party actually will have place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for interplanetary exploration and land preservation is not hiring.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like aliens.
You're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and unknown areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the Enrico Fermi physicist said,``You have to realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope there were a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become very technologically advanced enough to consider living between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the lander on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were in the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and all of them were fine closed.
I thought to call a gentleman, at least I had my cell phone, but to midnight, a cleaning could take a long time to get, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to pass night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was predicting my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure that I didn't get more expensive than a half a night, so I thought, in spite of the circumstances, it was okay.
I'm a neuroscientist of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate, model levels of adrenaline and cloudy thinking.
And when I got to the field of Facebook in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping.
And I started asking you, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in the place, which is that bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but for a month, my thoughts didn't cry.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kates, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed told him about it broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called aroant rporter.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years earlier, known as the president.
You all know what the position is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts come and try to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the front, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize harm.
So what I want to talk to you is a few things that we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will take a place for the things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of important things, where the fish is, where the fish are, which plays fruit trees, where the friends and enemies live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that will be added in London's taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys from the car, reading glasses and passports.
So at home they take a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport, a particular crate.
For their reading glasses, a particular meter.
If you remove a place, and you're schoolsined with it, you'll always be there when you look at them.
What about travel?
Take with the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, license of driving, passport, sending it to itself to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can facilitate replace.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
cortisol is toxic and encouraged thinking.
So part of the previous practice is to recognize that under stress we're not at the best time, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved self, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical affect.
But this was brought as a country for all of these medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, whatever kind of decision you have to take from a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've gotten the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attack of heart, breakng brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to remind you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a star . ''
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most memorable drugs in the world today . It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you're thinking,``Yes, I rebuild the stability! ''
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that you have to ask for most doctors don't want to talk about, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the U.N., the number necessary to treat.
And what is this, the U.N.?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or empower a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of statistic is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not remind me if I wasn't going to help him.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor's fault, and if it's somebody's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the mechanisms very well.
But the Galapagos estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number required to treat the most widely memorable stability, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is the research of cynical researchers Jordan George and Pamela Hawaii, confirmed independently by Blaises.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, breaking brain or another adverse event.
Now you might think,``Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a more statistic, and it is,``Tell me of the side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: dependent on muscle pain and artificial pain, pain pain, but now you think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine . ''
But a moment.
You remember, under stress, you don't think of clarity.
So, think about how to make it in time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out for the drug that you can help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the stability.
I just say that they must have this conversation with their doctor.
Medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number necessary to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that's more done in the older men of 50, the number of cancer prostate, the number need to treat it is 40.
That's what it is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include impact or error dysfunction, urinary income, recording lawyersa, fecal inequality.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the prevalence is to think before time, the questions that you can ask to push the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, do you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in these kinds of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happen at the time is that you get a lot of systems apart.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast . They could be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that go through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thinking, like Danny Kates and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail every once.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
Reported at the night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key from the gate door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of email messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano,``P"is my favorite music symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more gently.
Two . '
Four, extremely soft.
This is my drawing from a tree of a tree, and you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of them can have, never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American signs of signs, the DNA, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came in during the 1800s, and over the time of time, it was mixed with local signs, and the language of language is developed today that we know as an actor.
So, it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
Now, now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a dream person who lives in a world of sounds, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following the rules, cosmologists, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do you understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
I learned and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
\" Don't take the door! ''
\" Don't do a lot of noise when you eat your potato bag! ''
\" Don't open up, and when you're eating, I'm glad not to scratch you in the dish . ''
This is what I call it a sound tag.
Maybe I think about sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm super support of sounds.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of the sound, about which it's going to come next.
From there, this drawing.
Two, for deciding.
Thing to continue.
Twice, to announce.
You can see that the drill has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and managersolas.
In the deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for``perimed"in the 1800s.
A typical pedestrian has five lines.
However, to me, doing it with my thumb, this is not natural.
That's why in my drawings I just have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, museums and spaces of different galleries, and while I was going from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend, and that's called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditory.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to be more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not just being experienced through the ears.
I can feel a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that I had taught myself in sound, I decided to leave it and slow up.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I present it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was an atheist, it was something from a listener.
And sound is so powerful that I could be able to tell myself and my artistic work, or I could empower myself.
I chose that I'm going to move.
There's a massive culture around the language of the language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like not a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interests of DNA.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking you to borrow your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I don't continue to continue with this practice, I feel that I could get into the oblivion and don't have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and DNA.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and put on the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in 2006.
The two are very spatial and highly models that means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning of the signals and the sounds.
I'd like to share a piano metaphor, so that they understand better how the DNA works.
So imagine a piano.
The DNA divided in many different protectinged parameters.
If you look at a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so on, as you play the piano, English is a linear language, as if you're going to put only one keyboard at a time.
However, the DNA is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear, or an idea.
If only a keyboard would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone, doorbell and volume.
In 2006, by using these different grandmaster, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign``first of that . ''
This is the sign``first . ''
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got tired.
Oops.
What are you looking at?
Ah, pretty much!
So I started thinking, and if I look at the AIDS through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and gets it.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel like the same can say``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights,``Amba ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in the U.S. and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one was a hand, two mothers . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past":``Used to"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at a time,``There was once . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per food.
However, when I look at the word``common time"I think automatically at the same time.
See me: Right hand, E: left hand.
We have the drill through the head and the chest.
[ faces: My Martin paw] [In the] [Commercial time] [In the chest: E: E ."I'm going to show you a form of your hand called``White paw . ''
Can you do it with me?
All of your hands in high.
Now we're going to do it as much on your head as the chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very good.
That means in love in the international system.
The international system, as notice, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in the 1800s.
Now, third . Please smell again.
And again.
It's``lighting"in the 1800s.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Encounterist ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good job all.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they're doing very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the DNA is alive and prosperous, like music.
However, today, we live in a very auditory world.
And only because the DNA has no sounds, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start to question what the social value defines and allow the DNA to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn DNA . You don't have to hear to learn music.
The DNA is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dan Korana: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said to me,``You can test everything, but then you have to wipe it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble, or a bubble bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I found out that adults also get sick and that they're not very good to clean others.
The time, I'm now an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong's school.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk along the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you're, I don't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a scary thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, collecting those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
And we started building this horrible workingode work, so that the very cheap kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
We do that.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of each child and try to combine them into something that we expect it to work.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot's use, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are really excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call``a prototype . ''
We're so fast at creating prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform websites and chambers in accessories, and we put it into a floating robot that's moving slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks slowly floating through the sensor while the computer on board process this image and measuring the size of every particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website called``Institutess ,"with hope that someone is better even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix them immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, you see the Internet, and you play with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaned up a oil spill, just using hands, in Starma, the largest mountain rainforest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drinks, it's the water in which you bathe, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that the water is brown, the mud and the oil is also of brown color, and when it's all mixed, it's very difficult to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called the spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a sculpture that can lead through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what is in the water.
We had this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at the distance . I saw myself forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm a half Japanese and a half French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami tsunami was destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima, a nuclear core near the water.
And today, according to the reports, the average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has control pollution suits.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation comes out of the Japanese coast, and most of them, of course, is safe, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've returned to Fukushima every year from the crash and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't afford it.
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did, because they're going to have to live with the radioactive whole life.
Along with them we discussed the data that's collected that day and talked about what we were going to do after, the strategies, the balance, etc.
And to do that, we created a thickble map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the lift map, we introduced pictures to represent data in real time of radiation, and we collect water to simulate rain.
And with this, we could notice that the radioactive dust is filtered from the top of the mountain to the red and deserve system in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this organizing a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles from nuclear central, and with the aid of fishermen in the area, we were collecting the sediments of the seawater with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here's a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we become the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a bit of biology, of optics, basically, you can build almost from there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! Accidence!
Senate Maria: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electrical vehicles?
Plastic, oil and ultraviolet are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators, stories, we need to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two morning cells, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is impose on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for her.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the marble marble, he saw a figure that he struggled for being free.
The filmmaker was a single angel of Michelangelo.
But the living beings are not circuits.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information out of every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by regions of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts, and they've been looking at the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as a distress of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find any human material assembly in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with distant pores.
The skin skins are more thick with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there are no parts, there are no lights.
It's a system that is gradually worth its functionality by variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the world divided, the double personality of every designer and architects to work currently between the cinema and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, is about bringing these two visions out of the world, moving from assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder: Why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they collect four disciplines that offers access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales, big scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a veryic foundation that some day not very far will print entire buildings, and graphics to nanoscale made of genetically engineered microorganisms that shine in darkness.
Here we've reinvent the cell, an archetype from the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each of them is in size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a Paris's fashion parade with Iran van Herman . It's like a second skin made from one single piece of paper, rich in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborators, we printed this layer and fallng 3D without seams between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a 20th scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution and the synthetic instruments, allows to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at a time structural, comfortable, and also to absorb sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes substitute.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness and opportunity and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, will vary its functionality not by the addition of another material or another assembly, but continuously, and deliberately the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
Isn't there parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and got to define a lot of what I care about.
As she says,``In the third day of the creation, God sends Earth to grow a fruit tree of fruit . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches, cortex, sizes and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece?
Will we come back to a better state of creation? ''
So we're looking for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biologists on the planet are called spry, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal sea . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, and we were able to die and we produce guilty.
Vacant concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it's built a system with multiple spiders of controlled control, continuously controlled.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one single material about a single material , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we introduced the bacteria, genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that do their transition without mesh problems, and if it gets even more, to windows.
A fruit loaded tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed marine life, and put it on the ground, help grow a tree.
The ad for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the configuration.
To do that, we need to master bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created wirelessly, made an additive and architectural form of form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid silence, only instead of making perfect metals, are synthesized new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combined.
The first is cyber.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that lived in the human intestine.
One turn light in sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the building environment.
But these two microorganisms are not interacting in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but design evolution.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, which will help you flow these bacteria and alter their function of way.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of the material according to the functionality of it.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we put more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, goes down 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a primitive at TED, our first paradigm physical channels, brilliant liquid channels in the clothes.
Thank you.
Mary Sheila said,``We are mass creatures, only half is made . ''
What if the design will provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increases living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and solve our bodies?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do this.
It grows . It adds with sophistication.
This charge of the worm, for example, creates highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's going to be metabolized.
No additive manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combining not two materials, but from two proteins in different concentrations.
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hide a copy of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we paste a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the ice.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that I would hide a flat box and still metabolizing them.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that shape, composition, cocoon structure, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often get rid of silk worms to death inside their cocoons, their silk goes down and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates we could shape the crude silk without boiling a single chapter.
And they were seasonal metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we set this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a heavy robot making silk templates, and we put ourselves into our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated to darker and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or obsessions, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the fruit.
We asked 650 silk worms to a silk farm farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to hide with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the scaffolding, and as they were floating, they're approaching, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
To the liquid silk biological silk on the dry silk, they give all of this pavilion.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 5,000 silk worms have got 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The molecules, after the equation, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could use for 250 extra pavilions in the future.
So here's the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other value.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions out of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new design era, a new age of creation, which leads us from a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we're going to make nature burden.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember how old you had when you asked them for the first time?
You can show them with fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be of greater? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the kill and the art and developed websites, and I also played the guitar on a punk band called Telecom frustrated.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, because I spend a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it's going to get you up.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I'm immersed in it, and let me absorb myself and I feel like,``Yes! I've found the mine ,"and then again this point where I start to bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I should choose one thing, I would deny all my other passions, and let me get back.
Another reason I caused so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there would be something bad about this, and something bad about me not to define anything.
I'm worried to be afraid of commitment, or being dispersed, or authorities or to my own success.
If you can relate to my story, and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to ask you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned it from culture.
You ask yourself first,``What do you want to be more? ''
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that no one care about what you tell that age.
It's considered an naive question to provide nice responses in kids like,``Be astronaut ,"or``being dancer ,"or``I want to be a pirate . ''
They're looking at the Halloween speaker here.
This question is being done over and over again as we grow in different forms, and so on, high school students are asked they're going to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what drives us.
Why?
But this question inspired children to dream about what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though you're very intentional adults, maybe you might get together and say,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be an artisan of violent and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob chips, and he's artistics of violent and psychologists.
And this Amy Nation, magazine editor turned into illustrator, entrepreneurs, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real vocation, the idea that each of us has something to do for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who isn't connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different topics that will wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel it alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling like there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a billionaire.
A supermarket is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a break for it to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and give.
You can also use other terms that tie the same idea, as a scholar, as a Renaissance.
During the Renaissance time, the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines.
Barack Shanghai refers to us as``scanners . ''
It uses any term that you like or invented you.
It seems to me as a kind of advance to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the self-dessiration as a limitation or an indication that you must beat.
But what I've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be this way.
Here are three supermarketed superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in intersection.
Stacy Hiroshima and Rachel Bond expressed his shared interests in cartography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by starting Mexican.
Mexico is a company that creates geologicaly inspired jewelry.
So,``A"and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its epidemic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And the superconductors, with all their background, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second supernova superpower is fast learning.
When the Mujahideen are interested with something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being beginners, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely start from scratch.
North Dune is a full-time trip and independent writer.
As a pianist a pianist a pianist, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest improvement.
Before becoming a writer, North Africa was financial planner.
He had to learn the latest sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for publishers.
It rarely is a waste of time to go to what you're attracted to, even if you finally abandoned it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third supernova superpower is adaptability . That is, the ability to transform into anything that is needed in a given situation.
AB is sometimes director of videos, others, websites designer, sometimes consulting from Kickstarter, sometimes master, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles, depending on the needs of their customers.
Fast Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to satisfy the needs of the market, which really thrive.
So, they're very quick, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where the radiologists are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're pressure to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in momentum to superconductors to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiplied right now, and we need not conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they're, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed of a specialist and a supermarket supermarket.
The specialist can dive in depth and put in practice, and the superconductor offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going to increase the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the supercomputers in a large part are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you're taking out of this talk, I hope that's this: I'm going to recognize with the internal wire, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then specifically for all media.
That's where you will give the best.
But for the supernovae in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I'm telling you, you know, they recognize with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those rabbit chewing.
They explore the intersections.
embracing our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, superconducting, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman named Australia took her to a psychiatric in finance.
Architecture died and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexandria.
And I didn't know how to help Anonymous, but I sold for her until, unfortunately, she passed in 1906.
After his death, Agnes did a autopsy, and they found strange and operating plates in the brain of Australia, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Argentina had been alive today, we couldn't give it to it more aid than Alzheimer gave him about 1.4 years ago.
otherness was Dr. Allen Alzheimer's.
And Andy Derek, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1989, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect them from infections, a lot of treatments for cancer, anti-changing for HIV, status for the careressments and much more.
But it's recently been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's.
So I think of this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live until the 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's disease will be almost one in two.
In other words, there's the probability that they spend their years in Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or to be loved with Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and their costs put a five times increase in 2050, as the generation goes into the benefit of the boom.
You may surprise them, but Alzheimer's disease is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to combat it.
Today, one of the first 10 death causes of death all over the world, Alzheimer's disease is the only one that can't prevent, cure or even slow down their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's disease than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer's disease despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes an annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and we can cure.
For most of the last 111 years, all, even the scientists, they confuse Alzheimer's aging with aging.
We think it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only look at a picture of a brain aging in comparison with a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reducing life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember Dr. Alzheimer's Dr. Alzheimer found plates and strangers in the Aristotle brain a century ago.
For nearly a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are sticky.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things come wrong, and some sticky dots stay outside.
This makes the protein molecules stand each other, forming groups that can form big plates and offices.
That's what we see in patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are lots of steps, and the identification of what happens is complex, as a bomb delivery.
Cut a cable could do nothing.
He can cut the others, he can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that you block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have shrunk the wires and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, and now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move normally.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are falling each other inside of them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they heal and they live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 111 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's disease, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to realize that Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and if we try, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and more exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move on HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, they are often too upset to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Architecture, who cannot create the change they need for themselves.
Help me talk about them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times God in New York Times in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers are taken to be able to ask 36 more questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
28: When was the last time you cry to another person?
And just?
As it moves, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: I really like this -- tell your partner what you're missing from him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I took this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, it was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with somebody who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect love.
However, we fell in love with it, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent her to the spinal love for a few months.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because you've already asked me this question over and over in the last seven months.
And from this question, it's just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had been moved to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably get a few thousand views.
And that took a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he gave, he had no idea.
The article was published online at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday, I've already called the Toyota Montana and the God Mountain American.
In a month, the article received over eight million visits, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust, writing with sincerity about their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, they did the same question: They still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email with the phrase,``You still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage,``Hey Mandel where your boyfriend is? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the dawn of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine Valdez, which includes the experiences of readers by testing the study on them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
I was doing television interviews, and I broke the orders of photos from us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the unhappy icons of the analog process, a range for which I didn't feel at all the qualified thing.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, and it was, if it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, a lost love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, that people ask the wrong question.
How do we know if we're going to continue together or not, and also say?
If the answer was not, would the experience do this 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for a foster interpretation of interpretation between college students, using what Aron called Australian personal openness, progressive and reciprocal.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were more close after doing that . Several postering studies also used Aristotle Quick's protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police members and the community, and they've used it among opposite policy people.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was cited in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a small university arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me with taxing: I tried to test the study and didn't work.
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I: You mean, you love the person who did it?
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I: But became better friends?
Did you feel that you could know better after proving the study?
The attention.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was running a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, what I knew practically all of my adult life, and he was my first real love, and he had no idea how or he could live without him.
So I'm flying in science.
I was looking at everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I'd just research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was wrong with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see you more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what I'm reasonably allowed to do.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but will continue to be loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee on which people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told us about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very appealing story, because in love, it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask: Are they still together?
And his content with an S or no.
So more than a question, I propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide who you deserve your love and who?
How do we stay in love when things are complicated, and how to know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your partner doubt?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the short version of the story of my relationship, it's this one -- a year ago, a meeting and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in love with, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But in love, it's not the same thing that will remain love.
And love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article, I wrote,``Love didn't happen.
Let's stay in love, because we took the choice of being.
And I'm a little bit wrong by reading it now, not because it's true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything I knew that choice.
I didn't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times I'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always elect me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous, kind of fun and having expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy ending of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he also loved me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
And I was raised by a little bit of limits at full mountain, and I sort of got like a forest of the forest.
I mean, something that really affected me, but more details later.
I'm going to start with when I was eight.
I took a wooden box, and I would find a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's got grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out and make surf and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw up all the pages, and I made a little bit of cellphone carpened to the Atelia Martin style, the resin covered and a bee was caught.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it goes up in size, as if you were looking at the text with a magnifying glass.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started to add electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was going on on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow down, draw the same way around a car in the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own spectrum of specialized specimens.
First of all, the botanical -- you can get an idea.
Then I made some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun drawing in resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Simple.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in human form, natural size sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was killed.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in glass layers, similar to drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very large, that I call``tribe . ''
For the``tribe"inspired me largely in``The Garden of Happiness ,"which is a painting in the Museum of Project in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of his time.
Well, the tribe . I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
50 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a bit weird.
Well, that's the blood source.
On the left is Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this analog mesh underworld where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are headed to the face, ready to suicide in mass of the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a carrying.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- platform from the Wal-Mart spill -- the psychologist of Osama Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that can find if you look at it very well in the ocean.
And anyway, a kind of a flunge.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it's going oil in one hand while the other hand came out.
Your hands are like balanced, and it seems like a mythological thing that keeps Earth and cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's kind of a``trick . ''
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I scanned.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a nose, like a piano of bird, and spit up clouds of this piece.
It also has a 50-year-old tail that unites the trial.
Anyway, your tail is going to look at fire when you put on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a cycle of square pilots made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
It brings me to my time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called``physical . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedias, dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in the way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; there's the chest, you can deliver input.
I'm going to join you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it has, a kind of analog thing.
It's a quick review of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body starting by half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside of the ribcage.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Ponden Woods.
Inside this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We're looking at the box and all of the people in chocolate with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
You know, when you're a redefine, you're and the box you're living on.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness, and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when your head hurts?
They take an aspirin.
But for this pill to have effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and industrial system so that any drug stem medication in the body.
The disadvantage, though, is that when you translate any drug medication.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase CO2 cells.
But they're also known by their side effects, mostly negative, because in the time that they're going to be able to get to the blood current, they fall down, and worse still for the time that they're going to be able to get to their destination, which is where it's most important: HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intact, and it doesn't easily enter in the bloodstream of patients who join the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifelong treatment for oral.
One day, I sat down and I thought,``Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of medication of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for the health care and the surgery of diabetes, you can be used for anything imaginable, including the cross-section of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a small, powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in question of microseconds.
Before you even realize, the hole is instantly repaired.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an inject that distributes drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while the laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied the nonprofit armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost everything in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between the states and the non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21 signed peace of peace between 1975 and 2011 , 1969 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we even need to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what to these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody will analyze what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and not armed policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less delivering them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanese Herbie, known by their violent background against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, HeForShe has also established a political party, a social service network and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamas, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also managed the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex communication machinery: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the MRI magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising, but by profitable businesses -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they run hospitals, they put professional training programs or microscopees.
HeForShe offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population to offer something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The asset of the Taliban in an Afghan warning in the war, or even the beginning of the MRI promotion, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an unfortunate price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 from the Palestinian Hamas can't understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or vision in the long term.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participating in violent struggle and giving them governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated things are these organizations, the less we can catalog them as a contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Heinrich?
They mastered a lot of a territory, they manage all their functions, pick up the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines collapse.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap, the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups, you'll have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is also very important to establish and conquer peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we'll understand what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but it will not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that gap of governance that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are versions, but I fear that accepting openly the label of``feminist"would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm automated as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist"and then in the interviews, people started calling the Maltese feminist.
So what started as a personal joke meant myself and a deliberate cause, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about the feminist, these hairy women, angry with men and they hated sex, as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, particularly a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people to see that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and unpleasant word.
I'm labeled like a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which I ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are crude: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck by the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of bullying or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without the need of legislative or embraced doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you need to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I get to work, I hear a potato rap music to all volume.
Although the letter degraded the women, and I'm very offended, the classic``Salt Shakespeare"in the United States Tanzania is amazing.
\" Make it reality with your mountain t-shirt.
Peace, give up, go until you hold the shell! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical taste.
I firmly believe at the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, garbage harvesting, lawns and manifestation of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and nice things.
I can see``The Baltimore"and the romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy fairy makers.
Some of my crimes are more devastating.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's office, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, he accepted that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is configuration in ways that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
It rejection the conventional feminist that has ignored or historically deflect the needs of women in color, workers, homosexuals and transgendered, to favor of white, heterosexual, middle class.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
The following happens: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put highlighted feminist in a pedestal.
Let's hope that they're going to take up perfection.
When we're disappointed, we reject them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I'm already considered to get out of that pedestal before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and sector leaders, are afraid of being tagged as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm a feminist feminist ,"for fear of what that tag means, for fear, not to be able to meet the little expectations.
Let's take Beckett, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the video Museum Airbanes in 2014, in MTV, I act in front of the word``feminist"of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this star of the pop embracing the feminism and making women know and young men that being feminist is something to be proud of.
It spent time, cultural critics started endless arguments if Beau was or not precisely feminist.
They rating their feminism, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We're demanding perfection of feminist, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so carefully.
We're going far beyond sensible and constructive criticism, to address the feminism of any woman, destroy it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to account, going to action and being a little bit more courageous.
If I hear degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we take the change to actually affect their gains.
It's certainly hard.
Why has your music going to be so sticky?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four.
It's two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave . I want you to grow up in a world.
It's where they're appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best choice will be seen as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treated by sexual violence against women as sports, the Game of Thrones.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as bones.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexuals can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include an enough number of women, both to participate and make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people . ''
Those of us who are being underestimated but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also be able to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome barriers to the decision posts.
Because we're not less beautiful . Without these efforts, without adding these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little bravery acts and expect our decisions to come to the top, people in the direct power and movie producers and music, CEOs, legislators, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also save our feminism, good, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``I would rather be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say it, especially, because I was stolen, and the feminist helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids doubled me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But -- I was writing.
And I went back to write.
I get back into a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like they, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if I was a little bit brave, another woman could hear and see and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need to be very valuable.
Just after Christmas last year , 130 children in California had measles because they were visiting Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Quebec.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't it the article that unleashed the power of autism and the nasty, disqualified, marked vaccines for being a French delivery by the British Medical Journal?
Don't you believe most intelligent scientists that the theory of vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism is considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I'd heard about, they believed to develop all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
fundraising organizations as Australias are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could come from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the U.S. Disease Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``embraced diagnostic criteria ,"and``better determination of cases"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't make a lot of the fear of a young mother who looks for the face of his two-year-old son, visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so risky at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with the slow and catastrophic progress of science than the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is, and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1949, Kansas published an article that described 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, not to people around them, even their own parents.
They could have a lot of fun for hours shaking their hands, but they were pressure of the panic for retailers like when they don't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kancet speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, he declared that he had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while he picked up reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria of Kanzi for autism diagnosis were very restricted.
For example, we would be able to give that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he was Japanese that he had become nine out of 10 children who were sent by other doctors to his office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
It classify autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and up parents.
These kids, he said, they've been carefully maintained in a refrigerator that they didn't do.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that were involved in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they turned two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, claiming things like kids were just answering what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started to test Kansas's theory that autism was weird.
Long Ninety, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the mother's mother was pretty stupid.
And she and his husband John were warm and appreciation, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Long and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Korea and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that was done 30 years before.
They conducted a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population.
They put a grant from London called Darilians to try to find autistic children in the community.
What you saw was that the Kansas model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, whereas others were rooted in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the genetics of reality.
Otherwise, these kids don't fit in nice and attentve boxes, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kanzi monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been noticed from these kids before?
But then Luria found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, next year to the Kansas article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided dramatically to mention her own work.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband's husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who ran an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vienna in the 1930s.
Asperger's ideas for teaching children with learning differences were progress even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with classes with music, and kids follow their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described as a political disability of life that requires compassionate forms of support and spaces that are adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and they dedicated to help in methods of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse diverse, which opened up an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in an orchestra known in pop culture as the Sun social scientist, and the teacher will die.
He was even beyond saying, for success in science and art, a hint of autism is essential.
Long and Judith discovered that Kanzi was wrong that autism was inadequate, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came in a video, replacing the limited model of Kanzi by a broad and inclusive one.
These changes don't fall out of rock.
Controved, when Korea and Judith worked between baseball to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before the``Rain Man"came out in 1988, just a small circle, advertising for experts knew what autism was, but after the incomes of Duliar Hoffman and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four prizes of academia, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials are introduced to use the autism.
I shouldn't have a connection to that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for their son.
The combination of``Rain Man"the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics began to get together, just like Lord and Judith predicted, actually expected that that outside, getting people to with autism and their families finally get the support and the services they deserve.
Andrew Warler came to blame vaccines for increased diagnostics, and a simple, powerful, and seductive story, created as bad as Kansas's theory was inadequate.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one out of every 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for new medical advances, and the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and suffering from an attention deficit to details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still getting to Asperger, which creates that the cure for the most unusual aspects of autism are in understanding teachers, employers with capacity, communities of support, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zong Galileo once said,``We need all hands on covered to get the boat of humanity . ''
As we're born to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to make the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
